Let's go Ryan Clark lol
RT following via #YUP!!
we will be doing more soon!!!
#celtics vs #76ers game was like a good undercard match on fight night: entertaining, but lets get to the main event
I didn't even hit the Fest, was posted up at Mother's and watched #GameOne of both Flyers-Devils and the Lakeshow. We'll chill soon
always a tough one to swallow admitting that u are "that" friend...lol
Thanks, Dave!
There are plenty of complainers out there. But very few problem solvers
Whhhyy is my basement so cold?!
I ain`t no joke...
Simple method to LOOK 10 YEARS YOUNGER is available, a 24 hr saliva test can be done in your home to diagnose hormone issues,DM me for more.
what! you quit #wafflehouse? where do you get your steaks from now?!
luckily it's not of myself. that would push me over the edge.
Also: today I walked across the Chicago Theatre stage, my mom's 20 hours in Chicago are complete & now I go to work 1 hour.
Forget rosy cheeks! I am officially a Tom-AH-to!! :(
Is there an easy way to #ff from your list from an iPhone? I know I miss people that I want to include. I love you all!
Kottoras strikes out ... Marcum could have done that too.
The Silk Tie likes Damianqualter!
Dont judge till you finish the first book! I promise you'd be hooked! #DontHate lol
Not for another 5 more seasons.
Youre just as much of a liar as you tell me I am.
Beautiful! Are you making your next film there?
Thanks all who attended PerformanceAnxiety @ CultureFix! We had a great turnout & an amazing night! Look forward to seeing you again soon!
The weekend was good, thank you! My kids let me sleep in Sunday which is always good. Now back to the grind!
A bitch is tired!! Just getting home :(
Band practice
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands? A pocket watch.
And i think that should be the goal of everyone, no matter their body size, is to feel healthy, whole, complete
Mom got hearing aids today!!!! Wait. Now I cant grumble anymore.....
the hoes theory
I want to know what is in season!
RT Sold last copy of Bringing up the Bodies just b4 Mr. came in. SORRY! << There goes Mother's Day. ::SOB::
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
follow me, i follow bsack promise!
From warehouse to offices, hospitals to libraries and museums to retail outlets
I would prefer buying new workout clothes or gloves for boxing than buying make up lol
Finally the sensationalist media is acknowledging there is no Economic recovery
Double Space > Changed Font > Enlarge Period Size > ESSAY FINSHED. 5 pages just turned into 7
RT : According to #WGN Epstein deal down. Joint press release from the Cubs and Red Sox
Yep, it's already gone! Lol
what's yo digits? my phone deleted all my contacts.
Everytime I wear green people automatically assume I'm irish.
Nigga be using coupons and shit
I'm #morningblend-ing in just a couple hours with a cute therapy dog. Tune in to see me upstaged!
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
Me an enjoyed entertaining all of you tonight but we were joking ;) She knows I'm a pompous self absorbed bitch and she loves it:P
Today's lectures will be on the problem of slavery; and one on European colonization in the New World (mostly Spain and France)
I'm glad to be part of this big family #Beliebers <3
what makes me understand the paradox is his discussion on how science & the law worked to make some people seem sexually deviant
I'm tempted, trust me...
Beer - it's not just for breakfast anymore
If anyone needs 500 FREE Business Cards or 500 FREE Postcards come check us out www.800printingnyc.com
Why did you retweet that? When I say "Danielle" I'm not talking about you...I don't even know you. Ugh.
Clarissa Explains it All my nigga.
WELL I GUESS THE DUMMIE KNOW NOW....SMH..AND HIS CHICK GOT LOCKED UP TOO..SMH...DONT' KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO DO
#iLoveWhenYou say u love me.
my hugs turn her day around. She's said it herself. That's good enough for me
nevermind I got it
heading to Data Visualization and the Future of Research @ 3:30
Thanks so much. This is my way of trying to give back.
I cant sleep:/
Are you performing at the Comedy Cellar in NYC any time soon?
Man I live in sex stores, lol
how you duin!
Doing the usual Food Truck Friday today. Hope to see you there!
As this holiday season starts, travel safe and have fun!
Darn! Got kicked out of solid gold already
Today: Washington DC Conference on Skilled Labor: Conditions for Growth - www.rgit-usa.com at the Newseum.
Let the record show, that I am the queen of being side tracked!
Enjoying my time at Getting reading for the book swap!
RT : Why is it easier to believe 150,000,000 Americans are being lazy than 400 Americans are greedy?
#AskBieber when is the world tour starting?(:
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy! She is a JOKE!
boo hiss.. my DVR didn't record GLEE tonight. grr!
Would love it if someone offered to pay me in waffles!
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends).
ok we will take a lemonade instead!
Noir Fridays featuring Chicago's one and only tomorrow doors open at 10 PM RSVP 3125459057 for free entry
RT you treat us like royalty! #SundayFundayBrunch :)
I did it
Def got sunburn from that run
Social circles differ from social networks, because of control of time and contacts - is it helpful, or complementar
Bed soon
thanks for the RTs!
I love you! Oh wait I'm just kidding.
Romney's tax returns are so straightforward he only needs four lawyers on a conference call tomorrow to defend them. RT
: love hanging w geek squad at #aasl11 Learning Commons with Woot!
#chicago Send & redeem REAL drinks for $1.00 at 75 of Chicago's top bars & restaurants! Send drinks to friends, coworkers, & even yourself!
I am going to be enjoying a relaxing evening in my hood in #uptown. What about YOU #sandiego? Hm??
With discussing makeover event on 2/16 ! #can'twait
Hey will yall check us out?? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we would really apreciate that if you like good metal!
THANK YOU for letting me know!!!!! : D
Bruce Willis is Joe? #GIJoe. Now we know ...
rock that dolphin, girlfriend. Lisa Frank sorority for life.
goodnight everyone , ugh i hate time differences
Hey! Its woof weds so come by to check out the new Walkewoo collars, leashes & harnesses
What makes #Milwaukee great? Great groups and businesses like , , , & do!
Finally out of work ....
Thanks to pieces of the aids quilt will proudly hang during "United In HIV" June 14th at Sidetrack
Father John Misty
Wake up. School. Lunch. Home. Twitter. Youtube. Facebook. Homework. Eat. Sleep. Repeat.
Looking forward to tomorrows class. Let's get it everyone!!
shout out to all my followers
I promise when Monè destiny comes alive ima keep all yall followers:))))😘😘😝
Almost time for rape
"Everything will be okay in the end, if its not okay its not the end"
Good night world
Really, interesting. I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
Middle of UNM Spring Break, here at the Robotics Lab, hoping for an #NMSU W.
it's Nicole from Good Day for It! This is the twitter for my web series. Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
na they don't cause they don't want to see them in the finals
THAT is pretty cool!!!!Actually it's the coolest thing I've seen in my social media career so far. You are
#GOP DUCKING&HIDING from REAL JOURNALISTS b/c is AFRAID 2 tell America he 'stole' MILLION$ from Amer workrs&hid it n $wi$$ acnt$
Great shoot yesterday for print ad :)
You guys, timeline & new gmail aren't that bad. Quit complaining and get back to the serious stuff: like this tummyache I have!!!
I think everyone should try olive and plum kiwiberries
": fb"Huh? R U asking for my FB or r we friends already???
I understand now! I know without a doubt the man I love and want to be with forever!
FOLLOW Independent women stay on her game and tatted :D
I like early morning or late afternoon ones, usually Wed/Fri or Thurs/Sat. It's so addicting!
Ha, I'm pretty picky too.
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart. #letseducate &
Ah sorry I don't, mine are booked ;) Pocket wizard 911. #MHCCIM Anyone have a set I can use on Sunday?
My only response to that tweet: KITTY!!! :D
Well, at least 3 months. You can use towels for extra head support.
My hearts goes out to 's family- R.i.P. <3
One mans trash is another mans furniture
RT RT we gonna start drug-testing folk who receive federal student loans? cuz I KNOW y'all would be up in arms over that
Off to Washington for some quality boyfriend time. Love it!
Sometimes there can be too much structure. It's a field trip, a reward for hard work & good behavior. Relax the rules a bit!
West Englewood Chicago I want to help by having more young men programs 2 help them find jobs. & stay out of trouble
thanks so much for the RT! We truly appreciate it. :)
Ryan Braun not even among the top five Brewers players in home runs this season. Hmm.
#3WordsOfAdvice life goes on.
Tryna make her a believer
how did you become interested in this project?
Outside the courtroom while Chris Cook's jury deliberates. If convicted of strangulation & 3rd degree assault wld most likely get probation.
Let's see what bands are coming to florida.....
My man Frank thanks for the #ff!
Preparing for Natasha and Chris's wedding! This color is fuschia, ivory and black!
dude u do a great job just keep digging and getting us what u can, yea sometimes ull miss but that's sports
Definitely not tonight! I fear the truly dreaded outcome though: bringing them back to work Monday still ungraded.
#nmsplc I am trying out Firefox after years of hearing it is better than IE! We'll see
sure I got u.
hehe, I didn't know what was gonna happen at the end... watched it on xtube... it was really gross! lol
I just want to play drunk kickball and eat mad Nan's cooking!
nothing specifically aimed at child actors, though the subject has come up multiple times and we've discussed it.
actually he is extremely happy with his horse friends! He could care less about me now....
If you don't want anyone to know, don't do it. ~ Chinese Proverb
Happy to announce the and partnership today! Inspiration sharing between interiors and automotive!
#skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that #JuliaRoberts and the #StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?
Kiss my as! ..I'm on my wayy
if you need someone to talk packers on your radio show, let me know
Happy belated birthday! Thanks for spending it with us.
✌I rest my case. 🔨!! Like a mini tire in the trunk..#SpareMe...*rolls in the covers and smiles at the Mrs*
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow. -Peter Mcwilliams
I find this Benton Harbor thing absolutely hideous. Michiganders need to stand up for our public land!
GUYS THAT'S NOT JUSTIN SINGING S&M LMFAO.
The cheapest ticket on #StubHub for the #SuperBowl dropped about $200..now at $2k. Again, avg price @ #Colts at Lucas Oil stadium $139
I am out exploring the great NW for the next great coffee drink
Oh me too! My cousins in graduating from #UVA! Nate is doing well, thanks for asking, you're too sweet!
Oh Lover Boy?!... That's right I'm watching 'Dirty Dancing'!! One of my favorite movies & favorite things to do ;) Haha
Thanks for picking up Billy Purgatory!
It's been 24 hours since Virginia's () son was in an accident. Please pray for him, Virginia, and her entire family.
Ok now something is definitely wrong with that picture.
what time you get off
When is Jersey Shore coming back? Thursdays are boring without it.
Yes, do, next time you're here. Hope Breanne is OK. She's so nice
LOL! RT Love it again lol RT : Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile
!!! I'd heard stories about vendors taking advantage of the not-tech-savvy -- so it's true!
Ok... Why is dis nigga walking round wit a book? WTF! And a drink! Lol!
I agree with you. It is all about money. . . And advertising.
your FIRST ONE??!!? Grrrrl plz! You probably never had a speeding ticket. :)
Get your chunky behind up and push me around in a wheelchair. You can definitely use it!
thank you! I was a ballet dancer growing up. Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
GOOD LUCK!
Need to increase your total accounts receivables that you are factoring? There are usually no fees to do so.
Boy stop!!!
Haha i miss trios to
Bye ! See you soon
The 2012 Leedom World Convention begins today. Welcome reception @ 5:30 in the Grand Hall, we'll see you there!
That sounds fabulous! Let's definitely do that! Happy Holidays!
thanks for hosting #cas360. Really cool space!
My AP Statistics teacher just told me I look like I'm stoned...o ok.
i dont want anothe pretty face i dont want just anyone to hold i dont want my love 2go2 waste i just want an ur beautiful face<3
at Logan's on sixth street. Come by and chat Selection Sunday with us.
Carnegie + Gitomer = Ultimate Sales Success. If you are serious about growing your business, drop me a line. So psyched for this program!
#Huge RT Win a Trip For Six to the iHeartRadio Music Festival!
We will have the 2012 Fringe application up by Monday, February 27th. Look for it.
Need a turkey platter, gravy boat, serving bowl, or more wine glasses? Watts is open until 4 today for your last minute Thanksgiving needs.
Thank You - Ditto! I Thank God for our friendship - we were right where we were supposed to be.
When you're in love you can't see all the problems in a relationship, this is why my ass won't fall in love.
I'm with you.
We'd like to thank everyone who visited us at our Women's Expo and Phoenix Pride Booths this past weekend. Photos & Raffle winners soon!
im from New York
Lunch with Scott & Larry. Nice to keep in touch with the best screenwriters in Hollywood.
Just want to congratulate the Phillies for not totally sucking. Good job.
“: Hey what time y'all trynna leave...im good whenever” hey we good anytime aft 10:30
you did the same with and now with
Mr.Rizo will you be my sugar daddy?
SoloSEO -- great utility linking tool - simply enter some of your keywords and bam!
Thanks!! is guest on
a functionality stand point but not to a huge degree.
RT : Pretty sure the negotiated bill was authored by GOPers Are GOP lawmakers prohibited from having stadium ideas
My son got a letter from municipal court. I assumed he got a ticket, but it was a jury duty summons - whew!
OMG test taking is so nerve-wracking, but you're going to go in there confident, super prepared & WIN!
Ready for my high school class reunion...
I just sludged thru 8 million Bills tweets to find last week's playlist...nothing. Please post! #whatisthenameofthatsong?
Oh you bet! You should probably join in... really misses you. He cried last time I saw him.
Hey there, Social Fresh. I know we chatted before about and you sent over an email address I should reach out to.
A very happy Spring Break to all you CU students...have fun & be safe!
i like your emo tweets. courageous and refreshing contrast to 500 'having a cup of coffee' updates.
What happens in western Denmark stays in western Denmark.
Out buying some polo swag!
I no longer question the journey. I'm just going to be thankfull
Thanks bro
Great Night at #HuHot with tonight!
Happy Mother's Day, Everyone!
More followers, please!
My awesome friend Tory Thompson surprised me with Rick Ross/Busta Rhymes tickets for my bday!!! I'll check back in when I see his beard!
T-Rich good fit on pretty much any team. Makes sense both Bucs and Browns would be discussing him, TB isn't trading up one spot tho
Morning Joe is terrible w/out no balance, cant watch
No? not sure I agree with you, I am still a relative twitter newb, but I have noticed some hashtags success in exposure
or as I like to call it
because I missed two of my finals since I lost my wallet and both of my teachers just told me to drop the class.
hahaha what happened when we left? :o
Watching Hart of Dixie with Viggle Mon | 9PM | The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and for add me as your friend! 😊
It's good but slow.. mostly due to my own time constraints. I wish I had more free hours to do it but it's def coming along.
Bert Cooper in pajamas
I love it! Dont turn out the lights! Im going to be singing it all day. Lol
Instagram: Yes, I like to take pictures on inanimate objects too.
I'm so focused on my goals, I find myself getting increasingly irritable when dealing with basic ppl, especially men
I lost track of twitter.
Headed to #626NightMarket. Sounds like it's already a madhouse.
hey!(: can,you follow back?(:
u go to sleep
Whatcha been up to since Beetlejuice?
Great hangin' w/ folks from , , , , , last night
In Denver. Beautiful city. Oh yeah, fuck the Rapids.
Good Look..
Lmfaoooo!!!! my ex-bf just *67 called my phone and had his gf cuss me out LMFAO WOW WOW. HES DATING A 6TH GRADER...WOW THATS PATHETIC
which one?
hahaha no! Its an app (:
aw miss you too.... kinda..
Roberto Luongo is in, 3-3 score. He's given up 10 goals in the last 2 games. #LUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU (Blame me if it's a jinx.)
ZAK! Show sounded crazy in Michigan last night. MSU tonight.
Want a 5 sec way to give your website a new look? change the background color. Most visitors will know something is new but not what
how come something about justin beiber is ALWAYS trending?
Follow for #RRtheatre to begin at 8 pm central.
On the bus to DC! I'm looking forward to some fun filled adventures this weekend.
Lol!! Yes I can do that! And yay for both!! (: Let's hang son pleasee
yes! they look great in photos! you can always buy your own for much less if you're confident in your ability to apply them.
Stop. Spackle time.
I got a blige I got a whoopi but the big sighting is Mike Tyson. He is 8 rows back sucking in the linsanity
What's your all-time favorite beauty product and why?
that was me
Check us out this morning on KGW with Drew Carney as part of our Heart & Stroke Walk preview!
They ballin but watch out for Marquette & Wisconsin!
i've got a tumblr and want to hear!
This week begins providing support to clients in Tarrytown, Boston, Sunny Isles Beach, and Atlanta.
I definitely agree.
Thank you! You said what I've been saying since grad. from lib. school 15 years ago. Now let'c change it!
The aspect of out-of-fashion clothing/grooming that looks silliest is always the manner/degree to which they obscure the shape of the body.
Loving D.C. - such an amazing city! And, really looking forward to the conference happening this week!
So u can open them duh “: What is the point of doors
Big thank you!
Hey can u wish me a happy birthday I'm a huge fan
please define "scholarly nutmeg" immediately so that I can steal the phrase
Oddly resentful that today's business lunch means I have to skip yoga.
STILL have not heard from my baby! Where is he?
56/60 that's how you do it! You've stepped up your game. I'm proud of you!
On my way to Level 2 to shake my ass. *popping bottles*. I see this being retro Nina circa 1999. Ah well.
RT This, But Answer too! Commish asks-"What sports team would u buy if u had a $1 Billion Dollar Bill?" We want to hear your acquisition...
FREE 10" Pokey stick, w/ any order over $7 at Gumby's Pizza!. Only w/ a
ex boyfriends these days... smhh. just shut up and leave me alone.
My guys are headed to the movies and I am hanging with the ladies !!
perhaps, but more in the b-sides way.
give me a sign.
not even!
The new #RedBullZero is phenomenal
follow back please??
Getting back into a workout routine. Had a good gym sesh this morning. Just gotta work on eating healthy!!
You can't have enough white styrofoam boxes crammed in your fridge on vacation. Why grill when you can eat out 2X day?
hash tag sad
nothing is worse than the mini heart attack you get when you accidentally call someone and you're trying to end the call..
Some pictures are not meant to be instagramed. just saying haha.
got to say I love quite a few but my favorite would have to be #shredmatrix close 2nd is ras lemonade
guess i like the way you smile with your eyes other guys see it but dont realise ha its m-m-my lovin. - niall horann <3
Thanks for the mention. Just now saw it.
Why do those wanting to punish minors as adults never argue for their #citizenship rights (vote, marry, contract, etc.)?
starting to work on booking a few Pacific NW shows for The Family Curse in August.
i listened to #SaySomethin in like every class today (:
oh yeah. Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy drama. I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives. Ha.
Hate when I absentmindedly change the size of everything on my monitor.
Agreed to review an article resubmission that I voted to reject the first time around - staying open-minded. Please be better...
no really.. go its your break bahahahaha
Wish I could be at the #CampbellDebates tonight in Syracuse- Anyone know if there is going to be a video made available?
someone should've told you , I want you <3 -
Now I wish I woulda bought a fif
Thanks George!
David Minnen (Oblong Industries) says that Oblong has actually patented a few gestures themselves.
“: haha abs for sure” Nice! That is def the better 6 pack of the two!
I am loving Loopy!
So mad I just broke my camera ugh!
Haters ago hate
To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you. Such a Mitzvah. Your kindness is a blessing!
Big back up on the Pike East before exit 14 because of construction. I don't want snow, but I really wish road construction season was over!
Seeing wet snowflakes on the cam in Lake Oswego right now.
#NoManShouldEver say never
Rich Eisen & Director Peter Berg ( of FNL) on Concussion Prevention - podcast... go 16:00 mark..retweet
you seem boreing. :/
Chuck E Cheese was awesome! #NeverGrowUp #Yee!
Thanks for stopping by the booth, sorry I missed you! Hope you enjoyed the show!
We hope you all have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
“ #Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall”
RT : yeoo what's all this talk bout u killed it????--I just performed in a
Its a beautiful day #Denver! What does your day hold for you?
Thanks for the support!
that is a very constructive thought!
harry potter was mindblowing.
RT You know my team dont have to say it.. We lurking---> Watch out ugghhh
Our office is on 6th...it's definitely getting worse in downtown. :( Can't imagine how bad it is in Bastrop.
you got it and when I'm in the new b97 artist contest can I get your support ?
▒ MUSIC worth Sharing ▒ CHILDREN ▒ European Playground CD Prepare the whole family for a cross-genre, musical trip across Europe. The...
Made it to Cambodia, got my first nights real sleep. Off to the orpahage tomorrow, visiting the Jesus Village in PP today! :)
My mom is telling us how she picked our names x)
He said that I am a curious person. Is that good or is that bad?
i voted so many times for you guys! follow back ?
Landed in L.A. and ALL I can think about is the work I have to catch up on. Bye Jamaica, I'll miss you :_(
Today is the most beautiful day in Get out and enjoy it!
": I've had such a great time at #SDCConf " Thank you for serving, thank you 4 mentoring us
hey cole
Chinese supermarkets check out new business models
i was just gonna tweet Cawl me
some only go 2canvas calander 2enter assign (5 min) and then enter grades in grdbk-they link out to lots of other stuff
I feel really sick. :(
U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.2% Rate, Report Says Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of 2.2 percent, easing from the pr
#Swimgerie fashion show, only on ! are you ready?
Happy hump day
The Orioles are leading the AL East..Wonder how many times we'll be able to say that again this year..
Laying back kicking my feet up.
: Oh, I agree. The Black Pearl is on. Just a matter of time. Catalan resembles the basic Spanish I took. Understand a little.
Can't wait till Saturday with (((:
Question 10: What is one thing that you have never done, but you wanna try??
Omggggz s prodigy is. SO freakkin sexy omg I love you prod love: ania aka the The Prods wiffy :) :)
Design lovers rejoice: Pantone introduces 336 new colors in 'The Plus Series', for a new total of 1677 colors!...
if one is to pay to play to try to win then lottery tickets are more fun with easier sound checks.
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
looked into the report you mentioned. We were never interviewed. It looks like a firm that specializes in web researching.
Anybody following the NBA playoffs? Who's your Team? or is this not your event? Have a Great Day!
New Orleans doesn't take a night off. Wed at the Square resumes this evening so go out and enjoy the summer weather!
Our own President was cited in this month's MLA newsletter by on foreign language reqs for graduate students.
i cant sleep!
#mlbplunk Welcome to baseball. Part of the game. Theyre big boys that can take a shot. If it causes injury, larger fine & long suspension.
“: well I need this to happen ASAP, too exciting to wait for #FHBO”haha <3 our inside jk
S/o for the follow
'SOPRANOS' REFERENCE RT : Falk ends her speech as the DJ plays "Don't Stop Believin'."
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person. It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
prolly will be there ya
There's something liberating about giving notice at work-- even if you generally like the people you work with.
u already know
Lovely I just sat in my own cum
I FUCK GOOD, DRANK GOOD, SMOKE GOOD, EAT GOOD, STACK GOOD, LIVE GOOD, CUZ IM AH WINNER! AND U HATE IT! LMATFO! FUCK LOSER!
Good night
"I have a truck I have a truck I have a truck." -Scott Brown, somewhere.
Hopped on the Hunger Games bandwagon
Cardiac strike again! Way to go, guys!
yea you should probably have this.
you are my ispiration....you are prfect girl <3 please follow me
Hello outsiders!! Are you followng this #TwSIG ? Say hi.
How come when someone is droppin' the mother of all dueces, I can't seem to get out of the stall fast enough?
How do you do
Used a Yeti for her audio and a samsung video camera
Nashville bound!
thats what we do!
Can't sleep!
SHINE Medical Technologies announces it will locate new manufacturing plant in Janesville, create more than 100 jobs there by 2015.
yeah, they are the bomb.
Things on our mind: Tim Tebow; March Madness; 'Hunger Games,' and things in general that make us Hungry (*wink*)....oh, and this AMAZING SUN
John Travolta may soon learn that not every story has a happy ending.
No new HBO posted today??? Two weeks and no new show, can only hope #RedState awesomeness is cause. I miss & !
Right after we smoked that joint the cops came shit was too scary..
you from the south? Lol
Don't let others control your emotions, feelings or life! Live Life on your terms!
U better chill out b4 that pressure heat up
Within one week our SEO services generated over 250,000 for a small construction company in Denver Colorado.
A Female Thats #WifeyMaterial Will Love Her Man No Matter What & Stay By His Side Through The Ups & Downs & Support Him Through Whatever !
Hey have you heard of ? I think they'll be your new jam!!
Thanks. It is intense but easier in a group setting. We had 9 runners tonight.
Pilates, 6-mile run, hot shower and snuggling by the fire with some green tea - best way to be Irish today.
Harriet Fulbright College is busy preparing a new selection of classes to be offered beginning this Fall..coming soon
Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study
#LACvsMEM TUNE IN to the best 1st round matchup!
RT : RT : A4: Yes. Strategy rocks. Research needs & share how you plan to help. A4: depend on just how hun
Clearly not getting this paper done ha
Will do, sir, will do!
Chicago is terrified of "anarchists".
heh, yeah itʻs pretty spot on. especially Koreans.
God put HERBS on this Earth to heal us!
Amare finally attacks the glass....and he's out for the playoffs
I'll be there tomorrow!! I'll letcha know!
Just a reminder, the OEP online store is temporarily down as we convert to a new and improved system! We appreciate your patience!
#fridayreads: THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by Joshua Henkin (, June). Loved MATRIMONY, now this too.
"At least you aren't allergic to cats," says about my forever single status.
I don't necessarily think Mike Brown should be fired. I just don't think he should be paid for this coaching job
I dont really like the one with tho
that dat shit bright was sing when he got his ass rocked
Less then 30 points in a half haha ok jazz
Where is the stock market going from here???? What will work to help the ecomony???
Learning real quick.
Happy Birthday!!! :D
Hey Interview me, just because.
when I worked at starbucks (where dylan found me) I only made $20 bucks a week in tips...so your dollars count! Tip! Tip! Tip!
lol right? it's eating all this food that's making me sleepy!
thank u.. yeah .. followed <3
Andrew Luck is a mouth breather
Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective. These cats are dope! Bottom line
Someone fill me in on what happened at the show please!
sad sad movie lol
I dont even know y or whn that started
I really liked it, thought it was very well done.
hahaha hey you know how you watch movies in history ? Well I do to and todays is on greece my favoritee <3 :D
We're putting the final touches on right now We'll be in touch with a sneak peek soon...guarantee it will be worth the wait.
SHUT UP!! wasn't it hilarious and terrifying?!! aghh what the hell is it??!!
that sucks
« had fun today. If you ever need another pa just let me know :p» aw thnx Funkbear Lol And you know I will xox(:
No school today for me; yippee! Thank God Apostle Maldonaldo is coming back to my church again tonight for youth service, EXCITED! (=
good one Socrates
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed.
Eyenga, I feel your pain
Always smile Bro! Follow me! #BelieberBoy 2
yes gurl ...nothing against sharon just
hello To My New Followers -
Off 2 watch Idol, Who do you think America will chose? I dont think anyone can beat Adam at this point, but he wasnt my favorite this year!
A4 Anyone working for a big brand should watch what they tweet/post...especially about same industry!
New updates coming soon, keep reading!!
i know that! but what did i say? im confused!! well i think!
I want some tomato pie.
Paying to do laundry, bull shit.
so happy you found us! we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!
Sterling has hushed the room discussing mortality, morality, suicide and blood price for goods, services we use
Got a $5.62 drink from for only $2 using my #treatreceipt. Kinda nice eh? :-)
Yay, Colorado! RT : RT : Happy to see lots of Colorado presenters at
Just finished wk3, day 1 of C25K, better than I thought and feeling great!
is anybody gonna go see in this moment tomorrow?
Bob Dylan and Toni Morrison to Receive Presidential Medal of ...
Jane Austin is amazing! Can't believe I spent my whole life not knowing the wonders of Pride and Prejudice :)
If I pick apart all the lies you're building what'll you have left to stand on? Lmao
he's my friend lmao
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
Undercover cops should not be allowed.
yes she is!She is gunna be so happy when she sees Ashlee on Skype.Jordyn loves her XD
did you get more ink on your arms is that the healing?
RT : Tweets shit just to tweet it
She allowed herself to get fondled in an auditorium. She deserves it.
haha I'm the only person who has ever heard it! I might have to post it sometime.
right now or for my bday sista?
checking out The Embassy Ensemble and J Ivy
Melissa Hazlett of Baldwin & Sons, builders of #OtayRanch, told me that #homesales there are way up; 90% of their #homebuyers are military.
Our fans get it. Much love to all of you.
After icing Alaska, Wranglers look to bring championship to Las Vegas - Las Vegas Sun
Was it silly of me to hand wash my car today, even though its schedule to rain later this week?
As of 12pm, the 1st and 2nd grade LINK Summer class is full. Please stay tuned for additional updates as registration progresses.
The thing that scares #GeorgeSchultz most: nuclear weapons in the wrong hands & going off.
I still got a final to take today but later tn I'm in
and now it IS Friday! Trek up to B'more and the beer is on us.
You're not a robocall. You're a person. The more Walker bombards the airwaves, the more people appreciate humanity.
Me too i dance to it everyday and i never get tired of it
why not?
- in Houston, where are you?
It is so exciting! Thank you for your support!
I love Beauty & the Beast but thank god they didnt use the alternate opening because that was not easy to watch
Today my buddy and I have been texting Eddie Murphy quotes back and forth.
hey,hw are u :)
Thank you for visiting us! I hope you enjoyed it!
I'm sorry, my Show Choir Critiquing brain cannot shut off while watching this show.
regardless, I think it's time to make a new one!
RT : The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.Hans Hofmann
What is the best brand of peanut butter?
ohh you're very welcome.
Goodmorning I don't feel good so I'm gunna stay home :) and play blackops :))))
darn you...so bad 4 my diet! Didn't need to know about They r too close to home!
isnt that simple. Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix. Just gotta wait bro, sry
#Success: the progressive realization of a predetermined goal. (John C. Maxwell)
I did something nice for someone I don't like for all the right reasons....WHY DON'T I FEEL GOOD ABOUT IT???
Sitting at Navy Pier, waiting to go in and talk on WBEZ 95.1 shortly before 10am. This is pretty damn awesome.
his time. This is why he wouldn't touch her:
Lol You like it there or no?
really cool
Any SMASH fans? NBC is renewing the Broadway-themed drama for a second season!
I love you!
justin no aparece :c
Awesome job uk.(: now come on murray.!
Did you see the Martha Graham google doodle today? Reminded me of the dance at the Warhol opening, so I thought I'd say hi!
I haven't been sorted yet, looking forward to it!
A new life is possible only when one commits fully to their new convictions.
On Wed., & will visit to present a check & serve lunch to our clients. Press conference at 1:30.
EXCELLENT ANSWER to "Who do you aspire to be like?" ;o)
awe Well still I'm gonna Fangurl! :D
jammin to "Lookin' At Me By i love this song i wish it would have been a single! Also is the version with Sean paul a demo?
I wonder if the paramount in austin will actually put the title of Sarah silvermans show on the building out front. This could be a problem
To be honest, we'll constantly push this question since we're a weekly podcast.
> mira k cute! RT : rehjjgijeirhqeuhrq why did you have to tell her!! ( / . \ )
We just received new beautiful tea pots. They are the perfect gift for your Valentine.
I may go to Buffalo Wild Wings and snag me 12 honey bbq wings before the NFL Draft!
finally stepped ur game up eh?
nice place!
I put you up to a challenge without you even noticing and you failed at that it show's what kind of girl you are the kind that doesnt care
You like cheese without the corners, in other words you'll never be a slice bitch!
That is a solid idea as well. Although I've spent a lot of hours in that space. Was hoping to go somewhere new-ish.
That would be awesome, better get on that! Let me know when you get approved so we can warn the neighborhood :)
is providing healthy, nutritious food that is grown by sustainable agricultural practices.
new York u?
I am thinking about getting a 2004 Chevy SSR for a new car!
latest mass mail from the Gov. of Va. marked spam by Outlook. Guess I better opt in that address since I work for a state agency.
Cm punk υ are best in the world i love υ man graduation for wwe champion good luck
Buffalo chicken cheesesteak all over my body
Thanks for the follow
I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC.
H8 U, Chaucer. Especially the Merchant's tale. That thing is long as hell and I can't think of a thing to write about it.
'Take Shelter' is a powerful, powerful movie. "I'm afraid something might be coming. Something that's not right."
Road Rules
Thank you (:
According to #NPR, #OccupyCville will be demonstrating outside Wells Fargo today! At least we're sure to have a great view.
Give it time. My 8 year old used to be strictly "no monsters" and now she prides herself on her archery skills.
To me, a stew is a dish with a liquid base and chunks of some other foods (meat, veggies, etc) cooked over a long span of time.
lol are you referring to Dj Pornstar?
thanks for following me!! :D followed you guys too!!!
what were the pants you guys were wearing for the chicago meet and greet 2nd day?
#Applebee's has a delicious version of that!
I seriously hate not being able to sleep!
Donations are still being tallied, but it looks like we are close to meeting our $15,000 goal for !
Hey people :p Follow me :p Tnx :p
:) Someday Amber And i will share a room in a mental institution Lol And We get to wear strait jackets And bite people
Introducing new LHG colleague - experienced artist manager, Spencer Wells, he's worked with James Morrison, David Gray & Beverly Knight
Haven't tweeted in a while =P
Just finished my last feature film Violet...
i guess they could be the same? lol
Okay this is getting boring, watching people dance to polish music i dont understand isnt fun :P
Did you guys figure out your plans for tmrw?
Breathe nick......it's going to be ok smh
I wonder if wants to help me pack?
October 12, 1948 - Casey Stengel is named new Yankee manager. He replaced Bucky Harris.
Who else is excited for the True Blood premier next week?
Yes! Go Indy!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
Heehee...would you believe I got the idea from a twee fashion site I follow on Pinterest?! LOL.
Hi! Speakers made a side note that we get an extra C. (2nd c has 2 C's)
Falling asleep to Jason Mraz is the best
Can't do it. Nevada new York Maine or rhode island.
its all good
Bitch You Wasnt Wit Me On Stage Doin Shows
Michael Robles, the man accused of killing a Carlsbad woman, will be arraigned on Weds. in Vista at 1:30.
"Lawrence Ferlinghetti, in 1960, thinks the 49ers will beat the Giants."
you know what else grinds my gears? cute puppies. i cant stand them. too damn cute and cuddly, i hate how they make me feel
Thanks as always - enjoy your week! The Chic'
I wish last night could last forever.
i have so much to do today. no one will see me today
Not looking so awesome now...
"For Ruby to succeed it must succeed on Windows." False.
I'm just afraid of the ninjas that hide in the dark
Why is #pvtaughtme trending?
Any man would be lucky to have you in his life. Call me a keeper lol (hint, hint)
Last tweet via #Forbes #NBA most valuable teams
There is no point in being mean to you, you will get your share in high school.
new pic is cute :)
great season opener of We will not be skydiving on the next #AmazingMilwaukeeRace empanadas? up for #testingraceclues?
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds. Really hope kids find it inspiring (at the least get a visceral sense of gravity)
cool! iam from usa !! how old r u?
oh special rub lol. Cnt wait to have some good food tomorrow. Sux I work cause I really wanted to make the beef stew
times like these make me miss all-night phone conversations where in the end you'd watch the sunrise together.
Smh whe I try everyone stops fuck it bro
Bloody Marys and Netflix until #SpringJam :)
Congrats to the for their huge wins tonight. Congrats to me for having the guts to wear my knee-high striped Naptown socks.
thanks, I am! Have a lot of good things going on. Life is good!
Thanks for the RT Ronni. What have you been up to?
Dittos all around! 's hair is always fierce! #whatclassylookslike!
They have to restructure your deal into the cheerleaders budjet so you going to have to be making up a lot
YOU LOOK SO MUCH CUTER<3 WITH YOUR BRACES OFF(: DOES IT HURT? and nice suit!! LOOKING VERY FANCY:D hey GOOD LOOKING<3
Anyone else find midgets playing the ukulele funny?
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
The work you do "off the job" often times determines how far you will go in your career.
your bliss? lol
ugh I'm jealous ...
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
It was a great night! Thanks to DJ Toad, Jeff Thomas Catering, and Worldwalk Productions
You are right Mike....The Admirals desperately need these 2 points vs. RF....Good luck to one of my fav Badgers!
I'm on the verge of crying tears of joy :P
I think I would have. :) <<hugs>>
RT : Romney up by 4 in Illinois. I'm calling it now -- he's going to lose there. The tide has shifted. Santorum is coming/surging?
I'm so fat I just want to eat some cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
Just Googled myself. It's interesting that my LinkedIn+portfolio site come up earlier in search than my Twitter, even tho I post there less
Homophobia is so gay.
I already have at least 10 bug bites and it's only April. This is so not good.
are you listening to "Wild One" now? Lmfao
oh cool what's going on tomorrow
Congrats to San Diego's Raquel Pomplun on this month's cover of Playboy magazine with Bruno Mars
i wanted to know, so i would have a reason to move on, not to make something more strong.
RIP Steve Jobs - What an amazing story.
exactly and it has enough features to keep track of everything
Circ = public services; ILL = Collection services; traditional set-up
MT: © on screen at #aas3rdcentury burns like the Eye of Sauron//That so many writers here agree is evidence of how broken © is
Keep the best and delete the rest.
the Rolex is faceless, im just young, rich, and tasteless.
some times it hits me how much I miss my mom
Congratulations to - you are the #SFIMA raffle WINNER!
no porq solo me vy a animar con vs
Nope. Abandon thread. WTH is Swingers Club?
I mean brenbren for dinner and I ate too much. Uggg. Do you work tomorrow?
I hate when people ask for advice and hate the reply.
first time in life I've enjoyed running. Bought a supply of blue headbands in case I run by the comic store. . . .
already there, girl.
That's right at a time when most services up their prices for one game. The man who was handicapper of the year 2011 Jrich is saying give it
Well everyone knew that on draft day, right? Havent listened to pcast, but confused how you could call "early returns" disappointing
Seriously you asshole? I have an attitude?
CONGRATS! RT : Broke $10,000! Biggest accomplishment of the whole effort. Thank you all so much.
Id' say your rejection of him as realistic stems from the fact that a romantic nature hasn't served you, or me, well in life.
Thank you! Sometimes my raw honesty gets me in trouble. LOL! : great bbw article. As always raw and honest"
me: too much Apple news in today's NYT technology
heeeyyy can i have a shoutout??? :)
Feelin a new kind of confident
3 hours left to buy our groupon for great savings on a new mattress from Mattrezzz Guys! Even if you are not ready yet it's good til sept!
": Bra I didn't see this til just now -____-" that sucks tryna burn last night shoulsa came through.
We shoot our own videos, promote our own material and handle all the business...I AM HIP HOP (RAW & UN CUT) 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C.
#THATCamp #LAC campers: follow the 1st day of #thatcamp #CHNM by watching the #thatcamp hashtag - we'll have a joint session w/them tomorrow
having a beautiful day. trying out my new canon 100-400 is zoom. will upload to FB soon!
great! Can't wait:)
It was perfect. No pain, all gain. :)
can't wait to hear more about #Cult ! Been sending you good vibes!
Omar Vizquel still plays baseball. He's 84 years old.
Just read 's ACEN blog posts. Purely magical! What an honor to model for AP! It made me happy reading it ^^
I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
It's never to late to start over.
2 books arrived: The Man Who Lied to His Laptop by Nass & Papert's Mindstorms. I feel like Burgess M. in Twilight Zone. Many books, no time.
GO FOLLOW AND ME PLISSS!! !
HOW CAN YOU SMELL ME THROUGH THE COMPUTER?!
there was a gloryhole
' Something is really wrong w/ my heart!
looks like you had him up all night sewing on hem tags ..:-)
and see when austin is huge, we can say that we were there to have little private concerts with him every friday
The had 23 assists last night. Congrats to 4 the closest guess- enjoy your Zipcar waterbottle!
Tonights show is with HFB at The Twisted Cork in Bellevue, WA 9-1am
well, they've got free wings for moms at Hooters today. So there's that.
My son's Marco Brent graduation from Melrose High School on May 15,2012 @ Memphis Convention Center,
New website will be up soon stay tuned
So I wasted 5 weeks in Alcoholics Anonymous to find out that they weren't going to do hacking at all...
": Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. -Satchel Paige"
Going On Facebook...So..Yeah...Peace!
I went and read the comments of the video & i couldn't help but laugh at how at first it was "she chews gum like a cow" then "STOP BULLYING"
I'm sorry, but being from the south makes you hypersensitive to the whole church and state divide.
At work, feeling like blah
#sharktank was so good had 2 watch it again! was priceless! I don't think gold guy knew what the hell he said himself!
#1 reason I don't own a scale- I refuse to weight myself !
Awesome! In the meantime I will eat extra for you.
I arrived at a family party and and me got kicked out !!! We are now sitting out in the stairs and it's dark !! 😣
JSYK, Nice is nice, but that is not how the city's name is pronounced. ;-)
“: Looking for a little piece of heaven? I suggest whipped cream vodka. Splash of 7up and a cherry" on a weds? Go girl!
Ah, as in someone wrote it that way in their resume? yeesh!
Mariners-Red Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
I possibly could
Spain. There and back again. Was wonderful! Didn't want to come home!
Speaking of Mock Draughts: Miller Lite.
Man oh man this is going to be a long week.
RT thanks for the follow!
#FF some of my top-priority list:
Val Kilmer used to be so HAWT back in the day. What happened?!?!? He looks so GAWDawful now!
Yaaaaaaay. I'm proud of you!!!!! :D
that is the best horse_ tweet in a while
Amazing lunch with and GWSB Living Team! Thank you for a great time and conversation!
Sleep.. Up at 7am to study, finals at 1 and 4:30 and I'm DONE!!
Olympians comparing their bodies to hybrid cars = time to move on
2nd half has begun. Crowd going wild!
ok good. Nothing violent. Phew!!
Just chillaxin' at home till Justinian....
My next show is this Friday at the Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX, 6-9pm, full band! Woohoo!
no im just stupid
did you get the license plate number? I bet it was a woman. And a maroon impala.
nm watching tv and yourself?
Hot chocolate with bourbon.
So true! The key is to make sure we are planning, and using a regional/community voice to do so. What is #1 on your list to see?
I ment good night ha :p
I HATE GETTING ON TWITTER HOPING YOU WILL FOLLOW ME KNOWING YOU DIDNT
Oracle Accelerates Business Intelligence App Deployment
LOLOL. Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;).
nothing much. How u been?
I SWEAR TO GOD IF SLUTLENA DATES ONE OF THEM I WILL PERSONALLY FUCKING KILL HER! !!! SHE RUINED IT WITH HER FUCKING UGLY ASS AND FAKE SMILE
do something to make sad again and we'll write more like it.
Dunkin donuts my life line.. I wish I could have a Dunkin iv lol
workout with planks, burpees, ab work, and more.
When your in her I know I'm in your head ;-)
Love is a battleField
#NowPlaying - Better Days by Goo Goo Dolls. Good night!
I am sorry, I am not in a bar to be picked up...back off me!
he's tomorrow XD
"You got it, bitch"
I'm starting to think these Red Sux might just be dysfunctional enough to keep the O's from finishing last this year!
Maxin out. N gettin my 6 week workout plan
we talkin bout s.w.a.g
I'm glad I'm not a Network Engineer/DC Engineer for Blizzard right now. I bet they're working all night.
First Looks: See Tom Cruise’s Full W Editorial, Tats and All: W magazine's June cover stars Tom Cruise as his Rock ...
Just arrived at LAX. Probably my last tweet before landing in Beijing tomorrow.
My soon to be husband is turning 30 in one hour! Love you
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
Oh gosh, he just asked me if I have a boyfriend... and now he wants to sit by me..
What show are you at Timmy ?
What will Gov Patrick and the legislature do to address the #MBTA deficit long term? 2013 and beyond
I had one of those growing up. It was so much fun. #childhoodmemories indeed.
will we be able to see the flash films after the semester? Sounds great!
You are awesome.
Cruisin through the caribbean with the fam, be back next week. Have a great new year everybody.
Thanks for thinking of me, I am definitely looking forward to it!
thanks! i feel like it gets better the old i get, so i believe you! i'll be celebrating tomorrow night, you should come!
I guess it wasn't ment to be any waysit's sad
Chris refusing to get off the stage on his birthday in Philly a few years ago. He drank so much Jäger.
Wow Junior Seau is dead according to TMZ
Vista Sheriffs are looking for missing 8 year old Julio Cisneros last seen wearing a white t-shirt, jeans, may have blk sweatshirt
can you follow me?<3
I voted for and many other terrific candidates!
loolzz! Yes man
Who R U 2 tell me how to conduct myself? Why dont U practice safe sex and go FUCK your self!...please and thanks...now back to being a lady
are you happy 7 days left untill its christmas ?
Miss America 2012 miss virgin island os beautiful too
Oh hot dawn, Becky got a jam, sharing it with the people of the land
That awkward moment when somebody retweets some shit you tweeted days ago. The fuck you up to?
Back in the studio today, and my voice is struggling. Pray for me that I make it successfully thru these next two weeks!!
Home at last!! Today has been one of those days that EVERYTHING goes wrong. Bad haircut, lost license, broken AC, and hiccups.
your welcome(: ikk :( I just thought about youu(: ..ive been good.. wbu?
More like "Leader? In the Clubhouse!"
WHAT THE HECK I JUST GAINED 50+ NEW FOLLOWERS BY FOLLOWING FOLLOW HIM NOW COME ON CLICK IT YOUR NOT CLICKING IT DO IT NOW!!
what channel?
LION KING ON BRO LMAO
RT #FF Follow the Beards. and
Sure appreciate your FAVORITING my tweet! All best, my friend.
Speaking today at the Silverchair Colloquium in Keswick, Virginia. Follow the meeting at #sccol. Looking to be a great discussion today
I really don't need any more reasons to dislike Mitt-this is plenty, gracias
you rock! Awesome session on Moms vs Mgmt today! Fun and inspiring! Hope you enjoyed the margaritas! Lets hang out sometime!
loving this is absolutely stunning!
Economist Alfred Marshall is the first to coin the term "factory farm" - in 1890
I hate feeling like my intelligence is being tried
Thanks for your kind words! It's so gratifying when people see what we're aiming to be: an essential part of the community.
Happy birthday to both M Camby and S Bradley - ranked 12th and 13th on the all-time blocks list.
Beautiful Monster (:
I guess the big wigs don't need 2 pay idea people anymore since they can just look at certain Twitters.
hope so.
Damn... And you can't go be with her now? Grrr. I hate being so far. :,(
This autopsy in anatomy seriously is the coolest thing I have ever watched >>>>>
FOLLOW ... SHES ONE AWAY from 1k!!! tell me if you followed her and ill give you a s/o
I'm trying to get hospital administrator to give us funds to hire a PA to answer our pages and do floor work while we take care of business.
Thank you! I just emailed your parents with the good news!
Blown out tire. Fucking fantastic.
“: would iphonic play at a wedding..?” i don't see why now, contact
u going in huh? Lol
Hahahaha I am. stop replying to me go on &finish yer sammich! :p #FatAss ;)jk.
the DAVID commercial is even creepier on the TV. #Prometheus is going to be pretty cool
Imagine a world where businesses would know what they are doing. Things would colapse
My brunch bloody Mary came with a beer back. "It's a Milwaukee thing."
Hahaha. Well, if the other Walgreens I have to go to messes up my other order I'll probably be all fire and brimstone.
Had a fun audition today and am now gonna go out with my hot Canadian guy... ♥
Take over wade
Only bright side is that they could really use her at
Weekend-- I welcome you with a smile! Heading to then pumpkin patch with my nephew, Gray. A wonderful weekend is in our midst!
Today is the deadline for an art show that I'm entering....guess I'd better start slinging some paint around...
Found and road the M train on my way to work today. It does exist!
At UFEST but i forgot my camera
Getting ready for the 18 mile push from Santa Monica to Redondo.
I'm looking for all grade levels! Can we connect sometime this week or next week?! :)
I've never been in a blizzard
what a perfect view!
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
My minds going half crazy cuz i cnt leave you alone- Musiq soulchild going in right now <3
and gum 2
Good Sunday Morning! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! It's been full of getting together with friends and enjoying beautiful weather!
I am fighting off something cold-like....need to save the voice for a Voice Over job (Industrial for a client in China) and Sams Club manana
Brady Interseption and TD BRONCOS!!!! Harris With a 52 Yard Return. Broncos Going to Try the PAT.
I hope is having a nice day laying in my bed asleep while im stuck at school.
Leaving NC Mnts today. Sadness
are the most amazing musicians weknow and together they createthe most beautiful music
I like my music, real loud, real loud. Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now.
Just ordered room service for the first time. Night doing that again
Great chatting with you as well! I will be in touch (hopefully by later today or Monday)
yay! Thx! Hope my abbreviations made sense! How old before starting? He's 4 mos 1 wk now
You are very welcome :D
It's the sort of thing that i suppose is in some markets conceivable. In that area, in that building, darn near unpossible.
“: Now that thats over, I can start thinking about my one true love #motorcycleracing #AMA #motogp” I agree 100%
Take cover Milwaukee!: Milwaukee tomorrow! Haven't been this excited in For-ev-er. ( Squints Paladorus voice)
haha I'll tell you later
what did you get? #gophillies!!!
On the 950;Morgan Freeman yesterday Kevin Eubanks 2day- may need a couch in 3A but Ken would leave crumbs
Mars Base: Oxygen Leak. "Discard 1 Ongoing". That's out of our hand, right?
If the patriots win today, is that all I'm gonna hear about next weekend at Evolution ? I miss my packers
Mccoy just scored aswell, comeback on maybe
Me and I think just crashed our computer
Had tix 4 2nites but stayed hm 2 watch my sick cat. :( Will watch on TV if pwr dont go out.
I surely do not know how to get home. Astound me?
LoL I get it - I just think it's more funny that you think it's funny. META.
Sad day--my Great Uncle passed away. He lived a wonderful fulfilling life of 100 years. <3 He will greatly be missed!!!!
That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there
I love the wind it feels good when its hot outside
#np Everybody Talks- Neon Trees
But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans
Well hello , looks like an early Spring Awakening for you as well!
#WorstRapLineEver? How About #BestRapLineEver Come Out For Tonight At Set Is At 11PM Sharp! #HockstarPresents RT
Oh My Bad
so apparently our new thing is not talking.i guess i have to play along.
I also like trucks, guns, beer and bein' outdoors :) HA.
Adult co-worker just used #smh on work IM. I have a new found love/respect for him.
When I post a link to 1 of my Etsy items, I immediately get ~ 10 views. But I wonder if people are actually clicking on the link for real?
um I got a new number but idk
Having a stare down with this spider on the wall.
Happy Friday! Anything extra exciting on your calendar for the weekend? What are you most looking forward to?
Schoolwork sucks!
Day 2 for Oral History in the Digital Age (OHDA ) meeting in NYC with specialists in video delivery and preservation. I love this stuff!
your a stranger!
on somethings i do
He passed last night in Dallas.
friday && thank you .
Time for cocktails! #wastedwednesday RT if anyone's on the same page :)
lol no they have nothing to worry about
": Love that infographic, but I want to know how no one missed that mistake!" It was the excitement, I'm sure!
A must see, but as always, not for everyone:)
Well ending it was the only way to stop this madness, but this is the harder part.
dwl, if yuh want a big HEFTY plate, come get it nuh. It fresh and niice
It's so hot backstage and my wig is itchy.
Just came home from school and just taking a little break then gotta get to the back grass and homework as usual
Got me a job startin tonight finally!!!!! Thank you lord
the way you talk about yourself in #thebookofsoul is astonishing. #TDE all day. keep being a hippie.peace and love
alright! Thanks! (:
is this from her book?
Follow me please? :)
what does it taste like?
You know how to find me:)
Considering a weekly three martini lunch
Hey twitter. Just wanted to remind you how much I hate everyone. Kthnxbye!
Finally off of work! 430, I thought u might never show up!
lol! my hair really DID go with that painting didn't it!?
Do I ask you for an Oil Change?Or how I get my grass cut for free?Nope.I'm here for the same reason as you.To get drunk & forget about work.
Lookin' good very passionate speech at #bibliotech12 about the road ahead for
Hey Canada come see DETROPIA may 5 at Hotdocs!
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
Amazing late night phone call from loopy and crazy made my night!
Happy Mothers Day Weekend!!
just listened to 12-6-97 bc its mr.miners favorite tweezer... you should go listen to that. definitely.
I might be interested. What part of the Metro area is it in?
Bosses do what they want ... Suckas do what they told 
Just tell me when!
believes the hardest thing about learning to ride a horse is the ground.
was here :) I love you !!
Eric Schmidt: Starting point for technology in social change is mobile phones.
Not feeling guilty about sitting on my bed with headphones on and #joshgroban playing. So relaxing. Who knows what those kids are doing...
I'm kind of getting used to this new hair style, something
Thank God that Jazz saved the day
text me it's important
It's a shame you all think this way about 'homeless' people. Hope it never happens to you....
my new song is Love Faces - Trey Songz ;)
- I'm still working on mine! I hope you have DEXTER on there somewhere, won't be the same without you.
Val was "trying" to talk to us while driving her convertable, had to pull over, couldn't hear! :) She's a riot!
Hu Honua members went down to Hakalau to clean up left over metal from the mill. We're happy to keep our children safe and our beaches clean
Apparently tomorrow is ALSO Nat'l Corndog Day. We may have to take a trip up to
WOW - Great win #mubb!!!!
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his dream, I couldn't ask for more <3
Having a blast outside Wrigley! For fans looking for love this season, coming up I'll have their plan to turn singles into doubles! :)
hope I win!
I like the way u guys roll
4.2 in East County? Totally didn't feel that one.
If ever writes a book and that's not the author photo, I'll be sorely disappointed.
It's my year! No really it is...the year of the dragon. It's only the 3rd & things are shaping up nicely.
I didn't either...swell surprise :) Sounded so good.
I keep calling my puppy and kittens, puppito and kittenito. Makes me think of you! I miss you!
Listening to Dr. Chris Renda define 'level of reflection' - how deeply you think about solving a problem.
so far pintrest is kinda boring...
WNBA All-Star balloting begins tomorrow: Silver Stars on the ballot are Becky Hammon, Ruth Riley, Jayne Appel, Jia Perkins, Sophia Young
The best constitutional right is the 30 days or your money back one.
Wordpress.com DDoS Attacks Primarily From China, Possibly Politically Motivated
Want a bit of Friday fun? Google 'Bloomberg careers' and read the description on the first result. Seriously. It won't disappoint!
Since Obama took office, private sector jobs decreased by 2,000,000, while federal govt employment INCREASED by 147,000! Wrong way, Barry.
Working on any great weekend projects this weekend?
Like a postcard from Paris, when I've seen the real thing...
Polar Bear party tomorrow. You know you want to come – it’s a hot tub. In Feb. On our patio. Plus booze. Could it get any better?
NOT a fan of Atl traffic....been sitting on this ramp for 25 mins and counting!
and he went to Inglewood in 06
in Canada
what r the guidelines? Hook me up! :)
RT : "I hate school."
the iPhone app is great! Very easy to use!
i cant open it
It looks like the San Fran Giants are trying to make it to the wildcard...they will fizzle...just like every other year!!
unfollow all that do not follow me so if you were un-followed you know why.....
thank u for the follow back.
Maybe you can call in sick take it to crib and get all this ....
What's up Coy? How are you? I hope you're not too upset with me, even though you have every right to be... :(
lol when kids have no idea what they're talking about.
Flatstock 29 on 3/16-3/19 in Austin is FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
Movers just came and took all my stuff. Officially adopting a "hobo" lifestyle.
Capital Skatepark tomorrow w/ Chasing Lions, The Changeless, and Maranatha! Check out our fb for the deets: Facebook.com/superradshows
just bougght every song of 's songs on itunes. <3 gosh, i can listen to this guy al day.
We appreciate the kind words from a friendly experienced traveler. Happy travels and thanks for flying with MKE. That is all. :)
hahhaha so do you and you don't know how to reply?
totally missed the bus..times like these i'm glad i have friends that can drive..(:
The Hampton's were fun this week..goodbye beach...thanks JLev412..
And so it begins...
he took a little nap and now he's his old self.
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US!
alright, alright, but who you callin kid, kid?! I'm a whole year and 9 days older! :P
Just living the dream, trying to live up to the standards of Andrew R. Goetz. Haha you?
& iDGAF who gets offended .
love that song!
Don't have a table to eat your food off of? It's cool, I'll be your table.
I hated and loved this episode of #GreysAnatomy. I'm so glad it's back though even if I'm only seeing 5 more episodes ;)
I REALLY REALLY hope austin is still gonna do Ustreams.
It's pouring down #rain, but that won't stop me & from making it to Scotty's tonight!
Second punctured tire in 2 weeks. Same place on the road. Sigh. Time to clean up the road.
i don't even know what I would be. o.0
So proud of my SBC sister, Ms Jamie Brown!! She's an example that there's NO EXCUSES for ANYONE... Jamie is hard of hearing, stands as...
Rake! Snow's much heavier! Even though 3 inches of snow brings out some interesting driving in P-town. Agreed? :-)
hanging out with your advisor in Ft. Collins -- having a blast. :)
who bought those boots for you
it's great to be a florida gator
Heyo!! Going to be in NYC in the morning for #nyfw !! Hope to see all my amazing friends.
Highest pick #ravens ever used on a C was Chris Chester at 56, then Rabach at 92. No way they'll take Konz at 35
Join us for the tip-off party, which begins at five, or if you can't make it to that, come to the Official After party - in honor of #Grizz!
oh she think she grown?
watch it
I will be working at Camp Poyntelle Lewis Village this summer as the assistant art director!
it's a long-ass trip. They be tired.
haha. Well yeah(:
I wish superheros were real! I loved avengers! Lol had fun wit
Any members going to this year? We want to know about the Baltimore JavaScripter contingent!
not very good. Villarreal got relegated today
I can't believe Tom wow
#Twitter >>> #Facebook lol
huge fan of Mike Floyd's ... It's a good deal all around
Was so good seeing my best friend today!!! I'll miss ya girl, can't wait 'til next time!
Oh gosh, he ought to know better than that! I'm a very loving sweet person but he would bring the wrath of myself on him.
they both rocked but it was the OMG girls that won
And #Community!!!!!! Great news!! Parks and rec???
Looking for a new challenge - Dare Me!
Actually, he's returned to #Celtics lineup. And Pietrus with a big three.
We can have the greatest love story ever told its up to us to fill in the pages
We launched Plink a month ago, targeting social gamers and giving them Facebook Credits to dine out.
NO LAW CLASS = trivia time with
wats up guys imma be online for a while
coach, my woman just said the same damn thing, hahaha! So true!
"Honey...Im Pregnant.... April Fools! Haha. No I had an abortion dont worry about it."
sometimes my job is excellent.
Good morning
lol thank you but no not from fort worth, I'm from euless, idont know if you know where that is
i cant wait to see you on the wendy williams show. you re my favorite actress of all time :)
Thank you, too! Hey, my new album's out this Fall. I think some of the songs are even better than "Someday Soon" (Local Scene cd).
Sorry I've been gone for so long, I've had lots of things going on lately
I think I am registering for HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston!
Tired of riding in a car. 2 more hours.
How is it they can make Ho-Ho's and Twinkies last 12 years, but every time I need putty everything is completely dried up? HFCS in putty! ;)
True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??"
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days, I will be Sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix. Papa Joe
Who? RT : Local restaurant owner just told me, "I'm more optimistic today than I've been in the past five years."
Is in a dark room drinking scotch with a dog. Well actually he isn't drinking...
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop. We are working!
my favorite part of winter is the snow its so pretty <3
TGIF have a great weekend.
I love you !
' bout to take the baby out '
Anything new on the arson spree?
i LOVE justin bieber <3333333333333333333333333
Great day at Model UN! Sudan was well represented, lol.
At least someone is making an adjustment, come on Badgers. You awake Bret?
Happy Easter to all our likes, follows, friends and family! We appreciate your love and support!
I had no idea you were from Monteagle Mountain ;) (Said the man who grew up on Lookout)
no problem, I know how hard it is to hire
Never cried over spilled beer. Why? Cuz I'm still here.
hey there! how are you? How's Stacy?
Me too RT : I hate when I go shopping and I forget that I'm not skinny.
#sxswedu Mike Feinberg recounting the genesis and growth of KIPP. He should have headlined.
Hey Folks. Tonight's show is going to be great. 8pm and $8. Thats a steal!
I know right?! All i want are some awesome chinos..is that too much to ask?! #Mylifeissohard!
The Books That Taught Us About Sex
Good afternoon everyone...
well I mean I got everything ready for tomorrow night except freaking earings lmao
a lovely run of good luck (clear roads, fast parking shuttle, easy BWI security)...and i actually caught my flight. next stop: nashville!
"Unlock the box and secrets dispel This life is our heaven, of course there’s no hell..."
Her imitation of pop = mau, da da =de de. She's PDD-Nos but she's definitely got some weird stuff goin on.
Head still hurting
O MY GOD DO YOU SEE THESE TWINS ON THIS J-LO DANCE SHOW THO?!?!?!!? DIABLO THESE LATINAS ARE BAD!!!!! DONT CRY BABY!! ILL MARRY BOTH OF U
Having an early meeting with the leaders of #westhillsdwtn talking about Jesus and his church!
Downtown Providence is creating a strong arts & cultural mix. Am. Inst. Of Archs is Hosting symposium on 9/16-17. W.ppsri.org
Boneheaded #blackjack play of the night: Saw a guy double down a 6 (four-deuce) vs dealer's 5, then get all upset when he gets a 2.
Tanner doesn't know what she's talking about.
when leggings starting doubling as pants.
Do you think bands need their own web site? I DON'T!!! Buy your www... point it to FB... and start an email list to keep track of your fans.
is so 1993
I'll take the head. I could do i without the ache.
u the #TRUTH tho
the only reason u have a twitter is to keep an eye on me. I have one wish in life...to be happy.
batteries about to die, so night guys!
Rocked track workout w/last American woman to win Boston&Chicago Mara., 2 African runners, man w/his dog, old guy w/NO track etiquitte.
Send questions to our inbox... well answer and post em...
#celticschat Notice that Rondo only has 4 assists.
l love ur videos! i watch them all the time & it would be amazing if u would follow me. it would actually make my YEAR!!!!! <3
#whenihadamyspace i had more spam than a person with an AOL email account
advertising steak selling bologna
Title: The Lost Saint (The Dark Divine #2)
hall linen closet, which was relocated so we could expand the shower.
Then around 4pm we were asked to go back to the van. He said that it would take approximately 2-3 hours drive to Jimbaran Beach where we would take our dinner, which is also included in the package.
Next, there are some local families who have joined us on this adoption journey. The Morton family is bringing home Sam and Duncan. Two 15 year old boys who are close to aging out of the system and becoming unavailable for adoption. They have a serious time crunch. They will most likely travel in June and need thousands of dollars to bring the boys home. They have an 8GB iPod Touch Giveaway happening. We've talked here before about how unlikely it is for older children and boys to be chosen, so the Morton family choosing Sam and Duncan is amazing. Let's rally for them and help bring these boys home.
Where wide the storms their banners fling,
a task team to investigate if there had been neg
The trip? It was amazing. We stayed (very reasonably) at the Hollywood Beachside Boutique Suites where we had the luxury of a full kitchen. One block from the beach and boardwalk, it was just the retreat we needed.
that great Athene could've thrown with ease.
Jane Dystel, President of Dystel & Goderich Literary Management
onBackButton: function()
Gig Economy / Age of Gigonomics – Some writers are describing the current job market in this way
Celebrated Daddy's birthday.
So when I posted my little rant yesterday, I noticed that all the ages in my profile were wrong. I'm *gulp* 35 now, Supergirl is 9 and Wildman is 5. (We all have Fall birthdays, so we've each had a birthday since my last post.) I just changed them, and it reminded me of this idea from the book The Happiness Project - that the days are long, but the years are short. Incidentally, I really liked The Happiness Project. I had heard of it, but I wouldn't have picked it up except that my local book club chose it as their book for November. What's funny is that I REALLY liked it - like took notes (which I NEVER do), planning my own Happiness Project - liked it. And the rest of the group (y'know, the people who chose to read it), didn't like it. In fact, several of them REALLY disliked it. It's so funny, I like this group, but I am often out-of-step with them. The books they love, I generally dislike, and the books I love, they generally dislike. Oh well, it's still fun to go talk about books.
I go into dispatch and they tell me that her bail was just posted. I laugh because I know that she was filed out of custody and that paperwork doesn’t mean a thing. It also means that most likely who ever paid that money just lost it.
Pours a tinged straw color in my NORTH CAROLINA 2009 NCAA BASKETBALL NATIONAL CHAMPION mug. I last had this beer in a sampler, but on its own I imagine it will be a little better. Strong poofy white head. Has a kind of Munich malt smell and German noble hop thing going on. Think of those random green bottle German beers (link) you get at the liquor store, just without the long plane ride to the states. Taste has a nice syrupy sweetness to it characteristic of a bock. Totally messes with your head considering the light color. Low carbonation a lightly hopped. Seems like they have it down. High 3 Star. Fantastic purity law beer.
4 hard-boiled eggs, roughly chopped
What appears to be an important difference to previous dismissals for this kind of behaviour is that the employer in question - Argos - was not named by the employee on his Facebook page.
Peel and devein shrimp, leaving the tails on. Butterfly each shrimp along the outside curve (cut almost all the way through). Open shrimp flat and place butterflied-side down in a greased or parchement lined 15-in. x 10-in. x 1-in. baking pan.
Final thoughts: This book was just okay for me, even though when I started it, I was bound and determined to LOVE it. It simply wasn't what I was expecting and I think that may have gotten in the way a little. Also, I read the NetGalley version, and there was a TON, I mean a TON, of formatting issues that made it extremely hard to keep up with what was going on. I would recommend it to those who like murder mysteries and quirky, opinionated heroines.
With any luck, indeed.
Guitarist Lenny Kaye's collection LP of US garage bands, Nuggets, released in 1972, helped to define punk. It showed that it was not all sweet Mersey pop in the 1960's. Full of snarling bands like The Standells and the 13th Floor Elevators, Nuggets became an underground success, and helped inform US groups of the early 70's such as The Stooges and The New York Dolls. British entrepeneur Malcolm McLaren briefly managed the latter group in 1975 and brought a lot of their ideas over to Britain. He and fellow travellers took this basic template, added the disafectation of British youth and launched punk into a largely complacent music scene that didn't know its Topographic Ocean from its Tubular Bell.
Here I am with the talented ladies who threw this beautiful shower for me. I am truly blessed to have such loving people in my life!
22. Pet Shop Boys - Yes... “Love etc.” is a phenomenal song from a group that is not supposed to matter anymore. The remaining songs were... fine.
Now, we can start construction. Oh... boy.... hear my cries of enthusiasm.....
Natalie and Ben Felker of THE FERVOR will be starting the party off right. The party starts at 6:30 p.m. and goes until 9:30 p.m.
It’s World Dance Day!
When it’s raw, you can easily blend it into little pieces (almost like rice. You can actually eat this like rice, more information about this later).
Remarks by George Anastaplo, made at a Conference on Niccolo Machiavelli, Basic Program Weekend, The University of Chicago, May 1, 2010:
2. Combine orange juice and the next 7 ingredients (thru vinegar) in a large bowl, stirring with a whisk to combine.
Shot, in their homes, in the middle of the night,
Telling me that you couldn’t live without me,
2 avocados
the alarm was based on all the strange crimes… many are theft of weird / trivial items, and the increasingly poor behavior of our fellow citizens… “Rude and Belligerent is the New Normal” … and most pointedly memory of a conversation I had with a friend who has lived through good times and bad… fought in wars, “police actions” and fires.
The band proper would have only one more Top 40 hit in the ’70s — “Good Timin’,” which slipped in at No. 40 in the spring of 1979. And from there on out, the band would pretty much build its entire brand on nostalgia.
No worries or cares
It’s been fun and challenging as always.
“One of the most worrying aspects is that the ship is still moving on the reef to the action of the seas, which is doing further damage,” he said.
A 3D Projection Mapping Claw Game done at Roosevelt Hotel, LA, California has not just succeeded in engaging hundreds of people but also made it to the Guinness Book of World Records as the world’s largest claw game ever!
Trying to see dreams that may come true.
The Tallest Man on Earth - Sometimes The Blues is Just a Passing Bird - the guy's voice is annoying and nasal... but the songs just work.
Certainly the P2 Freemasonic lodge and the Vatican claim that they have controlled things in secret since the time of Julius Caesar.
In a fixed-term contract, a reversion clause may not be needed, unless the fixed term is unusually long (for me, "unusually" would start at about eight years)--though publishers often do cover themselves by allowing for discontinuation of publication for various reasons, such as slumping sales. In a life-of-copyright contract, however, the reversion clause is vital. Unless you're Harper Lee or some other perpetually-in-print luminary (and maybe not even then), there's no reason in the universe for a publisher to hold your rights for so long.
remaining part of 2011, which The Holy Spirit has declared to be our year of shining, keep up your zeal
Secretary Clinton refuted allegations that Gross was an intelligence agent, but did not directly reject a prisoner swap.
And yes, six dishes for three was probably one dish too many, but even then our dinner costs us less than $25 each. Bring on more interesting pub menus, I say, and we'll carry on eating.
Since those John Smith’s ads there’s been nowt that you could say has even come close to reaching those heights. Zilch. Nuffink. Nada. Not a sausage.
yes, we had dinner out and will again very soon...ya'll have discovered my favorite cause...supporting the local economy...
Chop avocado. Serve salad topped with avocado, salsa, crushed chips and ranch dressing.
First, a little history of the logo. It was created for the very first Earth Day in 1970 by a graphic design student. The Container Corporation of America (now part of Smurfit-Stone Container Corp) held a design contest which university student, Gary Anderson, won with his Mobious inspired arrow design. Part of the contest rules would be that the final artwork chosen would become part of public domain (which means Anderson never receives any royalities from its use – he did however receive a scholarship grant and bragging rights).
Nate's ABC's: Bull rush at 2.5 inches
It seems like I don’t know anything about anything anymore. I’m so caught up in my own problems that they’re all I can see, think or feel.
**Feel free to look at previous studies linked above to get an idea of how this Hymn and Scripture Challenge will work.
I see kids daily who think they have no choice and act out of impulse when things get bad. Today’s kids have life happen to them and they react, instead of being an active part of their own life and accepting the consequences good or bad of their choices. This is a serious flaw that all parents and school administrators need to address. Childhood is a chance to grow and make mistakes in an atmosphere of safety and support. If we don’t expect them to fail and don’t allow it, then when they do later in life it is harder to learn from it; as the consequences are more severe.
I know God is FAITHFUL. He keeps his promises. He is the giver of every good gift. Once again, we know that He has called us to this place. It's a place of complete dependency upon Him. It's a hard place to walk, but also, the very best place to walk. How can I ever doubt His love for me, when He continues to prove Himself faithful at every turn.
26. If cow-man pass wild meat whah mek me must pick up am. You should not go against the decision or choice of a person you feel is qualified to make the right choice.
Yes, there are perks to having a mom who owns a toy store. But we have been trying to spread the cheer outside the family too. A man came in with his son a week ago and picked out a few little things. Then his gaze fell on a Lily doll and his eyes lit up. It would be so perfect for his daughter! When he saw the price tag ($49.99) his face fell. But I watched his hands (they looked like a mechanic's hands) and he just couldn't put the doll's box back on the shelf.
“It’s a complex political reality on the ground in Pakistan. We’re certainly not identifying who we were in touch with.
to fall
I am feeling a bit stressed about all the things coming up the next few weeks. A week long felting retreat to prepare for, for which I leave on the 30th. Come back on the 5th, a one day show on the 6th, and a show on the 11th and 12th. It may not sound like much but I am someone who lives a quiet, stay at home life and generally stresses about everything anyway. At least I feel good that I have been finishing things. Having a deadline can be good in that way.
my
They shouted, reveling.
When Peter stood up in the crowd, he did not intimidate anyone. Because in front of Him were standing “God fearing Jews”.
So, I do love my bake pop pans... and it's super easy to make a bunch of them in a really short amount of time! 2 boxes of $1 boxed cake mix at the store makes 72 bake pops ... or 4 pans, wow! I had no idea I made that many last weekend! Needless to say, they lasted through one dinner meeting, one life group, and split the rest between our two offices last monday!
Brendan: Um, it seems like they are just about equal.
And Lay’s were on sale.
Instead, I've felt the need to comment on the meaninglessness of a suggested gesture. And, you know, show the world (or my 11 readers) that I'm just an insensitive dick. Whatever.
I am Mr David McClean. I have a secure and confidential business proposal for you. I will give you more details as regards this transaction as soon as you notify me of your interest. Awaiting your urgent reply via my personal email address davidmcclean53@gmail.com)
Here is my final project. Its from a unit I taught on Pioneer Women. Its only a rough draft, Im going to fix some of the issues I had with it for the final draft.
-solo cups
I hope you realize from the above responses that I am a strong-willed, logical, and intelligent woman. Because of this, I feel as though it’s my duty not to like your music.
This is something I struggle with from time to time...I feel I am not living to my true potential or up to my true and complete happiness. I have relationship issues, can't seem to find a job that is a "fit" for me, sometimes am still overly tired (I am still anemic, and I still have a few other deficiencies as well) and sometimes still don't feel as good as I believe I should.
We loved. I'd recommend.
When printing my contact sheets I actually printed it too light, however this was good as It showed me all details that cannot be seen when printed at the right exposure. I printed my contact sheet twice, one was too dark, one was too light. The darker one showed how much detail I had captured from the sky, and the lighter one showed me more of my model. I have edited the lighter one to get a picture in the middle of the two prints.
Writing While Waiting is the one and only thing a writer should do. I mean, besides painting, sculpting, writing songs, or doing anything else creative that calls your soul into being in the world.
Watched all the bitterness burn
Gmail
To enter, all you have to do is tweet this: To celebrate the book birthday of Every Last Kiss by @courtwritesYA, it will be FREE on Amazon Kindle today! http://ow.ly/aoORL
I didn't know how much work went into being an author. I thought you get published, people buy your books, you go on Oprah, movie deals start coming in.
pumpkin pie
This year's Extravaganza will be Thursday, November 18 at The Loews Santa Monica Beach Hotel, 1700 Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica from 7:00pm-9:30pm.
Only when we enter into the awareness that we are truly The Father’s Spiritual Children in Christ Jesus we can begin to fully understand our inheritance in His Kingdom (cf., § Becoming Children of God). And that, through that understanding and the Divine Wisdom that comes with it, we may find our place and role in the here and now so that, through us, His Kingdom may indeed be manifested here on Earth as it is in Heaven.
This is a tricky one.
18. Taking all the stuff out of my handbag and tidying it all away again.
Now that that's out of the way, I've missed you guys! I really have. I've sort of been like this crazy solitude writer. It's been productive (excluding the past two weeks) but lonely.
With all this good news and running up and down the stairs, it was clearly time to make them a cake. I chose one of the last contenders in the Rose's Heavenly Cake countdown, an Apple-Cinnamon Crumb Coffee Cake. It's a simple but appealing sweet, two layers of sour cream coffeecake, sandwiched around a thin apple cinnamon filling, and covered with buttery walnut streusel.
siege mentality in a desperate
Cardstock (I prefer to use a neutral white color, so that if I choose to tear or sand – a bright color does not peek through.)
Sunday’s weather was a washout (much like today), but I managed to get to the plot beforehand to check everything over. The broad beans are looking alright-ish, although at least 3 plants have fully died back. Not to worry, there’s a glimmer of new growth at the base and let’s not forget my back up plan – new seeds lurking beneath the soil to take over if need be.
Also available inside the railcar are souvenirs, maps, postcards, clothes, cd’s, old photos, paintings, & books including ones from local author Seth Bramson historian for the Flagler East Coast Railway,… all of which are ready for purchase upon demand. Not for sale are some historical photos posted on the walls along with newspaper articles and other information about Pigeon Key and 7-Mile bridge.
since I've had you near.
"True, it's not the Atlantic Yards we once envisioned," Kruger acknowledged, but said it had the desired components: arena, housing, commercial realization. "It takes blight and it eradicates it from an area that desperately needs it," he said, contradicting others' descriptions of Prospect Heights.
The results of this process have been mixed. While adjusting to living in a new country was, for the most part, exhausting, it was also a fantastic distraction from the people and activities I missed. But, as over the past few weeks I began to develop mindless habits and routines, I also started to feel trapped in the city. I realized how much I missed small, seemingly unimportant things like cycling, UW classes, or Thai food, and I couldn’t seem to replace them with Chilean equivalents. I don’t mean to imply that life had been monotonous – two weekends ago by chance I met the local cycling activist group, to my knowledge four members strong, at a dubstep party. The following week I turned in my first paper written in Spanish, which, given that I write roughly a page every three hours, took quite a while to complete – but instead that I had been starting to feel normal yet in a manner that was slightly lacking.
Organic Fuji apples, .79/lb at Sprouts (through 12/22/10
In the spring, though, I had an idea for a narrative non-fiction book, personal and of-the-moment, which is something else I've always wanted to write. Madame Agent liked the idea, and wanted a detailed proposal. *insert more life and distraction* Additional time has passed, but here I am writing again, with new verve for the non-fiction idea. It's what I've been working on.
Vanessa/Ade- Vanessa finds Ade going through her purse/phone and Ade tells her she knows Vanessa sabotaged her meeting. Vanessa tries to talk her way out of the situation and says she won’t tell Liam about this and won’t be so understanding next time. Meanwhile, Ade shows Liam the headshot of the woman he saved and tells him about Vanessa. Liam confronts Vanessa about the issue at the festival and she tells him Ade is crazy and has it out for her. Vanessa goes into Ade’s trailer and says she warned her. Vanessa then breaks a glass, smashes her head into a mirror, and screams for help. Liam and Dixon show up, and Vanessa tells them that Ade went crazy and attacked her. Ade tries to tell them that Vanessa did it to herself, but Vanessa brings up the purse incident which doesn’t help Ade’s case at all. Ade has to go to security for questioning afterwards, which causes her to miss performing with Dixon.
They may very well have chosen to continue the pregnancy. Period.
"I miss Merrell."
The Treasure Hunter is out of California and his name is Bill Warren. He announced back in July of 2011 that he was going to raise an expedition to find the body the US Military dumped overboard in a burial at sea. His reasoning? He believes that our Government has lied about terminating the life of Osama bin Laden and he is out to recover the body and do DNA tests to prove out his theory.
kids their first pair of shoes on that day, you get a hundred amazing moments. That gets you high like you can’t believe.
Heck, I’ve played the piano since I was seven years old, sang in church for the first time when I was eight, and it became a regular thing shortly after. Playing for the offertory, participating in what they labeled “special music”. Around the age of eleven or so, my piano teacher began teaching me “praise choruses” alongside classical pieces. (Tchaikovsky was my favorite).
“A distinctive and distinguished shade of purple,” Aurelius insisted. “It brings out my eyes.”
"There was a shift of the word 'fact' to refer to empirical observations," Poovey said.
As you can see in the picture, we stack ours for those who want more than one.
Fourth will be a set of 6 beaded stitch markers.
My Aunt J.
I often feel like a man of two minds. Does that make me unstable or unwise? At times, perhaps it does, if my “two minds” are in disharmony and my decisions going awry as a result.
Blessings to you and happy weekend.
Tinnitus is a an unusual noise that originates in the ear or in the head. It may arise at the outer area of the ear, or the middle ear. This is not just a symptom but a major annoyance.. Fluid, infection, or disease of the middle ear bones or ear drum can also cause tinnitus. Hypnotherapy can be very effective in treating tinnitus. This technique was verified through research to help patients with Tinnitus. Check out the Research below.
_____I couldn't get the parking meter downtown to work and every a$$hole within 50 feet just stood there staring at me. I'm sure if I was a woman or wearing clothes THEN someone would offer to help....discrimination dumbers
It’s going to be incredible… basically we’re talking about the end of Babylonian-style tyranny.
Stereotypes can be really useful to a writer. You want to quickly communicate exactly what sort of person this is? Just pop in a few generally-recognised characteristics, and the average mind will fill in the rest.
elastic for the mittens was minimal
I’ve talked before about how I feel that self-publishing is working, at least in part, to deflate the value of books. I’m not one who is willing to blithely accept the notion of “sell it for what will sell the most copies.” I don’t subscribe to the dollar book pricing. Yes, I understand some writers make money this way, and economics in the digital world is a different animal than the physical, but I am still holding to the idea that books are worth more than a buck, regardless of what works.
The movie is about entertainment industry that “produce” idol groups. The story follows a manager/producer of a boyband called Mr. Children, Oh Gu Ju. There were tragic accident that cost the life of the vocalist. This incident affects her and the boyband.
7. Milli Vanili was framed.
So, I cut 3 panels, the front, the side and one for the corner to give it some room and so we could easily access what is stored under it.
Although they were brilliant, they were the kind of people who Lenin is reported to have referred to as "useful idiots." There were thousands of well-meaning people in the West who completely misunderstood the nature of communism. They were "useful" to the Soviets in that they created an idealistic, sympathetic lobby for a brutal, murderous regime. They were "idiots" in that their ideology blinded them to reality. They couldn't see that communism was built on bullets and repression, not bake sales and sing-alongs.
Goldman told investors in Abacus marketing materials reviewed by The Times that the bonds would be chosen by an independent manager.
- The smell of infected feet
SO ONE EARLY MARCH MORNING WE HAD A FRIEND ARRIVE WITH HIS TRAILER AT THE APIARY AND USING CARRYING STRAPS, KLAUS AND I LIFTED THE HIVES (very heavy hives!) ONTO THE TRAILER AND ABANDONED THE BEAUTIFUL APIARY. IT IS VERY FORTUNATE FOR US THAT WE OWNED A FACILITY AND LAND FURTHER ALONG ST MARYS BAY, WHERE WE HAD ONE HIVE ALREADY ESTABLISHED SINCE JUNE 17TH LAST YEAR. BY MID AFTERNOON THE NEW APIARY WAS ESTABLISHED AND THE BEES HIVES, STILL COVERED AND SEALED, SAT IN THEIR NEW HOME, WAITING FOR THE SUN.
4/20/9:20am – Kraeusen is already near the neck of the bottle. Temp is around 66˚ or so.
Authors Note:
SANTORUM: Does everybody in Massachusetts have a requirement to buy health care?
Although its name sounds like a euphemism for a young, sassy, creamy-skinned vixen, a butter tart is precisely what it suggests. Take a pie. Shrink it to tart-size. Make it of butter, sugar, salt, vanilla and eggs. Beyond this there is great debate: should it contain corn syrup or maple syrup? Raisins or no raisins? Be runny or firm? How firm should the crust be? Like so many beloved staples and entrenched traditions, controversy surrounds the tart issue like some sort of rigid, overcooked crust, causing a culinary rift and me to mix metaphors. Then there’s the issue of flair. Some people drizzle tarts with caramel. Some add walnuts, pecans or currants, even chocolate chips and dates. Others who we might call “purists” like their tarts unadulterated – simple, not plain – so that the natural flavors stand out. This, they say, is the only truly Canadian tart.
Macedonian Thrace Brewery Vergina
05. Overlooked
Don't get me wrong, on one or two songs they did well, and the band was good. The show itself, though, really, really needs a huge reworking, way better dancing, and a shortening by 30 minutes.
This post is a variation on the following 4 or 5 posts…all having to do with imagined or hypothesized thinking.…Particularly troublesome can be the more negative thinking…thinking that might lead to feelings of ….”not good enough”, “not loved or valued or appreciated or accepted enough”, “not smart or talented enough”… etc etc etc….all tender spots in many of us.
3. Use the fork to mash the skyflakes.
Controller Version Information
My suggested Phase II
In one of the Saturday or Sunday supplements there is a column by a woman who broke her back in a riding accident. At first I wondered how far this could travel. But this week you made me cry, I am so sorry you broke your back, you sound like a wonderfully funny, bright person to go riding with. I love riding horses but it is one of those things that are so far away from the day to day activities of my life that I only get to do it on the odd holiday to Tunisia or West Africa. I once stayed on a lesbian ranch in Nevada where all the women looked like Tammy Wynette or Dolly Parton. Big hair, set hard like candy, tight jeans, cowboy boots and dirty brown belts. God they were sexy! Every morning we would wake in their upmarket trailer and smoke cigarettes, drink coffee and then ride horses across the desert, every night we would drink beer in a lonesome Jacuzzi and look up at the starry sky. It was idyllic. If only I was a lesbian it would have been perfect.
I believe in this, and it's been tested by research,
When Hannah starts at a new school, all the other girls are in firm friendship groups and she feels left out and lonely. Mum and Dad know that a puppy would make a perfect pal for Hannah, so they take her to Battersea Dogs & Cats Home where she meets Huey the husky.
7. Drink more water.
On Wednesday I caved and decided to go to the maternity ward at my new
First up is Company of Heroes 2. The original Company of Heroes was released in 2006 and was brilliant, easily the finest RTS released since StarCraft (a position it retained in the face of the latter's good-but-unoriginal sequel). Two so-so expansion packs followed, but it was the game's fiercely engaging multiplayer and its ridiculously inventive mod scene that really made it a success. Eastern Front, in particular, was an amazing mod that allowed players to play as the Russians.
(personally I'm waiting for someone like my old field hockey coach except maybe she won't spit on me when she screams my name loudly enough to have everyone in the stands looking around the grounds for a four legged calico)
Mostly it’s tough to do nothing
JAPANESE TRICKS
4. Donna, Donna
Those who choose to live out here revel in the Beach’s tempestuous personality. It takes a special breed to like living out here, and those that do, love it. Possibly because on a personal level, they too wrestle with the extremes that rock and roll our beloved Ocean Beach. Who knows. What I do know, is that I love it out here.
I've never forced myself to push away
First off...
I don't know if they ever put out a demo but they were prominently featured on a 10" record put out by Very Small Records. They had a tight original sound that made them stick out from the tons of other bands playing hardcore back then. That's probably why David Hayes put them on that record so long ago.
You’d be inclined to think the difference was because of the reason she gave. But a further experiment indicated otherwise…
1 silence
View from the dining room of the hotel. In the distance, on the side of the hill, you see an old coal mine. Coal mining used to be the main industry in Svalbard, now replaced by research and tourism.
You can see the new fronds trying to peak through the old leaves:
Infant Sizes - $7 each
At this stage, Tanya and Nigel decided to amalgamate the Conservatorium's intermediate string ensemble and the BHP Steel Wind Ensemble into a new, younger orchestra. This decision immediately doubled the size of the ensemble, meant a steady stream of school-aged students would be continually available to join the orchestra at a lower level of musical expertise, and enabled the group to play a wider selection of repertoire.
Jens, it doesn't amaze me at all. As you wrote Alison Bard Burnett and Wolfgang Hampel are born humorists. I heard many more Alison Bard Burnett interviews by Wolfgang Hampel will be published in the future. Come on, please. Do it! This couple is so funny. I can listen to them a million times without getting tired. Pure Bard and Hampel magic.
Edvard Munch
The book says to heat the sugar until it reaches 300 degrees then plunge it in a ice water bath until it cools down to 250. Set a wooden spoon over the kitchen counter with the handle part suspended. Then drizzle the sugar over the spoon so that the handle catches the caramel strands. The method doesn't work because the spoon doesn't catch any of the threads and dollops of caramel just fall onto the newspaper I laid below. Putting the hot caramel in a ice bath doesn't work either because the outside hardens immediately and the center is still piping hot.
First official order of business, is to commend our sisters, Payton and Suki, who were very busy over the holiday. They are seated in the Sunflower chair of honor to recognize them for their most awesome score. They have really outdone themselves with this one girls, and I think you will agree.
I can't stop crying. Everything reminds me of him. I hate being home. It's so lonely. No one here to protect me or bark at the mail man. I need him back. I beg you, please pray for his return. It's coming up on day 6 and I am just devastated. I don't eat, I hardly sleep- I get chest pains and will hyperventilate having a panic attack having nightmares that he's in danger. I'm writing this as I sob and the tears fall down my face onto my laptop keys. I've never felt this pain. I've never had anyone near me die, but I'm thinking this hollow emptiness in your heart and the gut-wrenching feeling is comparable. I am not undermining death by comparing it with losing a dog, but part of me died when I heard he was missing Friday night. I refused to believe it. I was sure he'd be back after he was done playing and enjoying his freedom. I was sure he'd come to my voice Saturday night. 4 hours later nothing.
May 18, The Dogs of Desire at EMPAC, Troy, New York. Tickets:
3 tablespoon olive oil
"It is a people’s campaign and as such, we would like the whole of society; individuals, corporate, religious organizations etc who identify with the campaign to use whatever means at their disposal to make society more compliant to the Ten Commandments.The main thrust of the campaign is to publicise the Commandments. It is only by knowing them that we can comply with them"
I have started a new job this past week. I am the Uptown Theater's new Theater Coordinator. I really love this title. I am no longer a Marketing and Operations Manager (which I will be a little honest here and say I miss). I miss being the know-it-all marketing wiz, but I also love the challenges of my new job. I will post this at a later time. I also love that I have skills that I can apply to this new job, and they are excited about those opportunities.
There are over 200 working pinball machines, some dating back to the 1950's. Each machine has a placard on top that gives the machine's history; the year it was constructed, how many of that model were manufactured, the designer and critical player reaction. You can really lose yourself in this place, especially if you're in a certain age category that will go unmentioned. It's $10 bucks for an hour of open play and worth every penny.
Certainty or Comfort
And of course,The Hillbilly Goats
Strong performances from the leads, as well as from two great stage performers, Ray Bolger and Fanny Brice, who appear as themselves, made this movie a joy. The likeable William Powell (The Thin Man) stars as Ziegfeld, and because Powell never appears in a movie without Myrna Loy, she plays his sensible second wife, Billie Burke (who, Wikipedia tells me, played Glinda the Good Witch in The Wizard of Oz). Luise Rainer won an Oscar for her performance as Ziegfeld’s first wife, Anna Held. A fickle, jealous French actress, Anna continues to love Ziegfeld even after she divorces him. Despite the good acting from Loy, Powell, and Rainer, I was totally taken with Fanny Brice and Ray Bolger.
This, naturally, necessitated a trip to the supermarche to stock up on alcoholic beverages plus edible goodies.
So it’s against some code of ethics to accuse a priest of subterfuge, even when we have the evidence from historical scholars that Olivieri did precisely what I accuse him of? And if Mr. Palm thinks that I misconstrued the true office of Olivieri, let him show us the evidence instead of his mere assertions.
As promised, I read out the names and ages that they were celebrating or the years they had been married. After a rendition or two of Happy Birthday I then sprung our well rehearsed trap.
Sam reassured me that parents, guardians and relatives will be updated by the days’ activities through facebook . As volunteers they were advised to refrain from using their phones except during emergencies because they need to be focused on the kids that they will be taking care of. They have schedules that needed to be followed. Activities like swimming, arts and crafts, visiting the locality and other tourist attractions, going to church and a Special Olympics will definitely fill those ten days. She added that by the time she and Red returns home, he would have learned how to swim and improved on his speech.
1 1/4 cups Graham Cracker Crumbs (I used store bought crumbs)
happy birthday! A very special birthday indeed!
Russ: “Would you repeat that for me, Will?”
Miss Daisy said she would take my glasses. I have the thin lenses for my glasses, but they are still think. I have horrible eye site.
Strength: A team that can score the way New Mexico St can is going to win a lot of games in the WAC and that’s just what the Aggies did. They’re first in the WAC in scoring, second in field goal percentage and third in assists. In addition to that, this team gets over 41 percent of its misses. That makes them frustrating to play as they extend possessions that way.
Research Project Empire in Asia: A New Global History
SUMMIT LEAGUE: You’re 17-1 in league play and one of the best mid-majors in the nation. How are you rewarded – by playing the conference tournament on the homecourt of the second place team in the conference. That’s what Oral Roberts’ dilemma is as it prepares for the conference tournament hosted by South Dakota St. That South Dakota St team is responsible for Oral Roberts lone conference loss. On March 6, it’ll be responsible for Oral Roberts’ second conference loss.
but the wind was blowing fiercely, and it was an absolutely freezing cold February day.
I cut the the main image with the Circle STAX Die-namics and then used my red multiliner copic pen to draw in the threads of the baseball. Colored up the main image with my copic markers and backed the main image with a larger Circle STAX Die-namics.
There are several reasons for the rejection of a manuscript. There is no need for us (writers ) to feel insulted or hurt. A rejection does not mean that a writer is bad, it just means that the story has not resonated with the editor or that they have different visions for it. It’s nothing personal. Do you feel there are any other reasons for rejecting a manuscript? What does rejection mean to you?Please share with us.
and Paul Tiessen, Wilfred Laurier University
Jason and I aren't really sure how we would have gotten through the past few months without Mom and Joe. They have been amazing and have blessed us beyond words. They stayed with Jordana and Cash while we were in the hospital and took such amazing care of Jordan during that time. She had a really hard time while we were in the hospital because she had never been away from us overnight before, and she was not a big fan of the separation. But Mom knew exactly how to handle Jordana and her anxiety, and she coached us all through that tough time. And lets not forget all of the fabulous meals that Mom prepared for us when we got home from the hospital. Actually Mom started cooking for us before we even had the baby because I was technically supposed to be on bed rest by the end of the pregnancy. But I don't think I cooked a meal for close to 3 weeks after Madi was born. What a blessing! Jason was able to take off 2 weeks for Madi's birth, so he was home for the whole week after bringing her home. But when he went back to work, Mom and Joe would be here bright and early (braving rush hour traffic to get here) to help me in those first few weeks. They have even been cleaning our house for us on Fridays. They are spoiling us beyond belief and I feel like the luckiest daughter-in-law alive! I really don't know what we'd do without them... well, I'd probably have to clean my house a little bit more, that's for sure. They mean so much to us all, and we are so thankful for this time together. We will definitely look back on this time in our lives with such fond memories and remember how they gave of themselves so selflessly. Thank you Mom and Joe for who you are and for being such amazing parents and friends. We love you beyond words!
His book, “Out of America”, details his experiences as a correspondent in Africa, during which he witnessed the Rwandan Genocide, a civil war in Somalia, and a cholera epidemic in Democratic Republic of Congo. Richburg's book provoked controversy in the African American community due to its perceived criticism of Africans.
I handed him a snickerdoodle and hoped we were even.
And we wonder why our kids are still getting this.
That South Africa has the highest Aids infection and death rates is neither altogether Mbeki's doing, nor coincidental. Legislation and other government-driven policies and programmes have engendered an environment that has escalated the pandemic. For example, the permissive pregnancy rules and social grants (especially for children) introduced by the Constitution and government have encouraged teenagers and unmarried women to have children on a large scale. The spread of Aids has been a consequence; the evidence is there for all to see. And so too there is a high correlation between this abnormal government-sponsored population explosion, on the one hand, and the deepening of the Aids crisis, of Malthusian poverty aggravation, moral degeneration and social disintegration on the other. This harvest of liberal democracy and ANC rule is now dubbed “the Mbeki legacy”.
In a small bowl beat eggs and oil and set aside
Red light! I haven’t done any short story work in the last 6 months. I think this goal needs revising since I have figured out that I’m focusing on poetry. Let’s say I would like to complete edits on one story, check for further edits on another, and finish the two short stories for which I have already begun first drafts. This would be progress, and probably much more doable since short story work is not a focus for me this year.
This last one is really important. Let me say that I am a BIG fan of happy endings. I will not try and explain or defend that. It’s who I am as a reader. I want the Good Guys (and Gals) to come out on top and the Bad Guys (and Gals) to go up in an immensely satisfying explosion. Part of my job as a writer is to make sure that who I am as a reader doesn’t interfere with what I’m writing.
Anyone can develop some muscle and endurance without heavy weights, by using your body weight. Open Door Push-outs are a safe and easy way to train your back shoulder muscles for archery.
I recently attended Secret Church: The Cross and Suffering at The Church at Brook Hills in Birmingham, Alabama. I cannot even begin to unpack all that I learned and that I am continuing to learn from my time there. Suffice it to say, David Platt could be a professional auctioneer and we covered 220-something pages and 75 key texts in 1 night. Now, we all know that I am a Nerd (yes, that’s “nerd” with a capital “N”), but whoa Nelly! my mind was so moving so fast that night that I think a little bit of it is still spinning trying to comprehend everything that I learned. Perhaps that is why I took no less than 4 trips to the main office building today at work in 20 minutes because I kept forgetting something. Yes, that sounds like a good excuse.
Okay. How many of you described yourself with individual talents/abilities/traits?
A card I made for a friend that lost both her parents.
Maybe I should switch to a roll-on.
But The Clock is more than just a record of this astonishing fact – it is, I would argue, a distillation of our modern world’s collective wisdom about time captured on-screen; a patchwork history of film that celebrates our efforts to document, understand and enjoy the times we live in. Spanning many genres, periods and nationalities, it is ultimately an affirmation of the work of millions of people who have made it possible for us to leave behind such a rich record of real and imagined human life.
Velvet chicken and prawn mosaic, mushroom royale, chestnut mushrooms and crisp chicken skin
What are some occupations the heroes in your own romances or romances you’ve read been? Maybe one that was unexpected—out of the norm for a man to do or one that you just don’t picture a hero working. Or one that is in the norm but didn’t make my list. Or if you prefer to read paranormal, historical, futuristic or another genre, what is a popular occupation for heroes in those genres?
So this was an enjoyable bank holiday weekend trip out, and it didn't rain (just looking at a showery scene outside my window now...) and despite predictions wasn't especially cold either. We also got to try some good pubs and some excellent local ales on the way round. Time and money well spent
At least three people were killed when a tornado with winds of up to 140 kilometers per hour touched down in Atlanta, Georgia, reports said.
The maypole on the green.
Nakagawa is known to be an ame-onna (a woman whose presence seems to cause rain), but on this day, she was able to hold a concert under clear, blue skies. “Birthdays are special,” she said. Nakagawa then showed her ambition of being a 27-year-old saying, “Quit being negative! Quit being a shut-in! Look at the cool, sexy, and sadistic Nakagawa Shoko!”
Glass cabinets on upper hutch with adjustable wooden shelves. Bottom portion has four drawers down the middle, the top one being the secretary desk and the outer cabinets have an adjustable shelf.
Bison Brewing, Berkeley Organic Chocolate Stout Dry Foreign Style Stout (great head, good start, bad finish. Not full bodied)
The glutinous rice and the spicy fish floss can be served in a plate or wrapped in banana leaf.
- After much soul-searching and ‘back-against-the wall-stuff’ I now know I want to pursue a life of writing and creativity
Just love and give all of yourself, I say…
I went through Ancestry's card catalog for PA newspapers and listed the towns in which the newspapers were published. Towns may have more than one newspaper cataloged on Ancestry, and the papers vary by date.
Writing not yet strong enough: if I look at a first page and find five cases of the dreaded double verbing (was running, were singing, am walking… try ran, sang, walk etc.), I’m guessing the rest of the manuscript is like that too. I’m not saying the occasional double verbing is the end of everything, but there’s a difference between a double verb every twenty pages and twenty on one page. Oh, and this includes you first person present tense writers. Double verbs are bad. Read Hunger Games and tell me how many double verbs she has…I think first person present was the biggest addition to my No category for double verbing alone (okay, I think you all get the picture, two verbs are much weaker than one, go forth and disseminate to all your friends). Weak writing was the number one trigger for making me pounce on the no.
4. United Kingdom
In Prague 1, cycling is challenged by the centuries-old cobblestones, which provide very rough surfaces, gaps not filled in by sand or mortar, ground heave, and polished finishes not desirable when rain is falling. The local council is resisting replacement of these cobble stones with the ones which would provide a smooth, cycleable track.
I'm still just trying to process everything because so much has happened.
2-3 tbsp pistachio paste
West End Girls
I’m not the one who makes the regulations and all though and I’m not even sure if I could go either..
I think I want to knit and maybe make jewelry today. I have some presents I’m working on, so I could work on those. (Side note: I keep typing “I should” instead of “I could” or “I want to”. Interesting. Having fun and working on my hobbies don’t fall under the “should” category, yet they do in my mind. Hmm.)
“I have made the heavens and the earth, I have ordered the mountains, I have created all that is above them, I have made the water, I have made to come into being the great and wide sea, I have made the ‘Bull of his mother,’ from whom spring the delights of love. I have made the heavens, I have stretched out the two horizons like a curtain, and I have placed the soul of the gods within them. I am he who, if he openeth his eyes, doth make the light, and, if he closeth them, darkness cometh into being. At his command the Nile riseth, and the gods know not his name. I have made the hours, I have created the days, I bring forward the festivals of the year, I create the Nile-flood. I make the fire of life, and I provide food in the houses. I am KhepeRA in the morning, I am RA at noon, and I am Tmu at evening.”
Now, go and celebrate the day, enjoy whatever gifts you may receive, be with friends and/or loved ones. And all that good and happiness you feel, THAT is the feeling you should feel this time of year. Enjoy it. Keep it with you. Remember it, because it will be so easy to forget later on.
After that, they played another new song. Again, nobody knows what song it was. Followed then by another new song which became my favorite among the othersongs. Luckily, my friend... the great Esthero recorded that song. Without further ado, here is the new song that we will probably listen from the upcoming EP, '무너져' (Broken),
Spirit worlds.
*I mean not to imply that all cowboys are backward - that's why I'm singling out the category "backward cowboys".
I'm not sure what this says about me. Perhaps I have tried too hard to flee the "big hairy love story writer" moniker. Perhaps I have been in denial about who I am as a writer. But no more. I am going to totally embrace this fact about me and write strictly from the heart. Even if I have to market the more serious, dark material with a pseudonym.
- In Conorsville, Wisconsin, USA, it is illegal for a man to fire a gun while his wife is having an orgasm.
Sharks, on the other hand, were mostly her friends.
Hello abode lovers! Are all of you surviving this stinkin' daylight savings crap? I'm not... as you can see, I'm still living one hour in the past. Hopefully by Friday I will be used to the time change! So, today I would like to share with all of you some of the fabulous products that one of my new sponsors, Quality Bath has to offer. Get ready for some serious eye candy abode lovers!
Well this blog I have been following for a while called
The answers to the plot's mystery can be taken simply and solely from Davis's famous confession: "With all my heart, I still love the man I killed!" Or, like all other great movies, you can look closer and find a great deal more. Almost the whole of Wyler's movie measures up to that justly famous beginning, the images locked together like the pattern in Leslie Crosbie's lacework, yet it isn't the least bit overbearing or didactic. The Letter entertains and involves as the plot winds closer and closer around Leslie Crosbie.
This has led me to initiate destructive relationships, led me to dissolve good ones, led me to put my life in danger for any of a hundred stupid reasons, and led me to make more than my fair share of bad choices. Yes, it is this part of myself that has lead me to fall head over heals in love way too quickly and in turn led to recurring heartbreak. This is the part of me that used to be way too eager to trust and in turn brought me to countless disappointments. This is the part of my personality that has gotten me arrested on occasion – I’m sure we’ll get into this at some later date – and has even landed me in the emergency room on at least two occasions (that I can remember). Yes, this is the part of me that is often easy to anger, upset, annoy, intrigue, amuse, surprise, elate, piss off, sympathize, grieve, panic and embarrass, which in turn leads me to act out, cry, stomp my feet, concentrate deeply, laugh like a hyena, shout, grin from ear to ear, rage like an insane person, reach out to anyone (regardless of the wisdom in doing so), weep uncontrollably, completely freak out, blush and/or try to hide out. Damn, that was a mouthful.
Today, I'll get my shawl rounds in early—because I want some time to work on my socks—Not a single round was knit on them yesterday. And yeah, I have yet another detail exam of another part of my body on Tuesday next, and there will be, no doubt some hours of waiting, and plenty of time to knit socks. But they are lovely too, in a totally different way, and a nice mental change to go to a simple 1, 2, CHANGE stitch count for a pattern.
The Woodpecker
The downside of that connection is that if the product or service is not up to your expectation, then you are vastly more disappointed.
This was a small batch, since I am still learning about canning, I didn't want to use up all my blueberries, plus we still wanted some for things like snacks and blueberry pancakes.
This picture is a fun application Walt Disney World has on Facebook. At least that's where I found it, but they might have it on their website also. You can design your family members, either in regular clothes or Disney character costumes. Of course, Neil and I both had to have cameras. Rick and Nathan seemed best off with ice cream bars. My ILs used to live in Hawaii, so the shirts and flowers suited them well. Pretty cute stuff.
What inspired you to form the Indelicates? What are your own musical backgrounds?
Roy: Stay out of the crease. The right winger’s name?
That’s what you get when you run around drunk, in a foreign country, and soliciting prostitutes when you work for the President of the United States. BAM, WHACK, SLAPPED DOWN, like in an episode of “Batman,” those guys got what was coming to them.
“I myself can look at almost any hemline, silhouette, beadwork or heel architecture and tell you very precisely who designed it first, what French painter they stole it from, how many designers reinvented it after them and what cultural and musical movement parented the birth, death and resurrection of that particular trend”.
Anyone who knows me that I am horrible at being fake. My emotions fly to my face before my mind even registers it, and then I'm left to reign in the situation with my words. Therefore, I knew the "faking" part was going to be tough.
or maybe don't think too hard about *some* of the things you buy.
Thanksgiving was as traditional as it gets, girls in the kitchen cooking all kinds of goodies while the boys played football outside. I made my cooking debut by creating a butternut squash bake, and it was AWESOME. I am definintely going to toot my own horn here, it is not often that I can produce something that people enjoy. I was so proud of myself. We had a great meal together as a "family". The next day we watched all the American football games that were played on Thanksgiving, while stuffing ourselves full of pizza, as if we were not full enough from the day before. Very memorable Thanksgiving for Alex and I.
I detest Hillary Clinton's politics, but I have a grudging admiration for her. She is smart and she is a hard worker. I have known a few Colonels over the years, all conservative, who had substantive interactions with Ms. Clinton. Every one said she was personable, warm and in complete command of the facts.
I can’t tell you how many times my Barbie doll married Ken as a child. They just kept renewing their vows. Probably most little girls dream of their wedding day like their own personal fairy tale. They dream of finding their knight in shining armor and having their moment in Camelot’s spotlight. Welcome to the sheer magic, splendor and fantasy of Plumeria pudica, the Bridal Bouquet. It is indeed a tropical flowering fairy tale come true!
Well, that certainly sounds like an academic argument! It is, until you look at some of Traditional Fantasy of the pre-Tolkien era. It’s remarkable, and obviously different from High Fantasy. In Traditional Fantasy, illogical and impossible things happen all the time, but we don’t question them. They fit the psychology of the situation, after all. The dreamy sense of being transported to another kind of existence is the hallmark of Traditional Fantasy-and explains why stories such as the Arthurian Legend have remained popular, not just for years, but for centuries.
This book took me on a different path than most organization books I’ve read. The author has the reader look at the dwelling being lived in to honestly assess if that much space is needed before she has anyone go through all the stuff they’ve acquired over the years.
What made you decide to write Nightspell as a companion novel to Mistwood instead of a sequel?
7.) Style tip: SMILE! A smile is something that everyone understands, young and old alike, despite race and gender, a smile is a smile. A smile is something that never goes out of style ( oh but make sure you are smiling at the appropriate time, wouldn't want you guys smiling when your friend is crying about her dead cat or dog. )
From the end of July to October, hump-backed whales, the biggest in the world, visit the area and charm visitors with their mating songs.
yes. But please read and take in the section above very carefully.
I especially like the dresses (not sure if you can catch the silver and gold undertones in the fabric; if not, visit Shabby Apple for close-up views). I would throw a skinny gold belt on the dress with longer sleeves and would wear either to a fancy New Year's Eve event. Thoughts?
(The schedule actually has the show running until 2 AM Monday mornings, which we presume is a repeat of the live 6-10 PM airing.)
Iván Meade - I have to say that your “Aids Memorial Installation” in Vancouver I believe it is one of your most beautiful works. It was really interesting to see something modern, minimal and clean looking depicting a message of hope. How did you arrive at the design that became your end result?
Forbearance and longsuffering are extremely hard for fallen sinners to practice, because the “common sense” view is that forbearance and longsuffering only lead to more abuse. But, according to the Bible, when God is at work, forbearance and longsuffering actually lead to repentance – a change for the better!
Group actions
Phoenix – Federal Prison Satellite Camp. Main federal facility expanded.
Place an order with me for $25.00+ during the month of May.
Last year around this time, Lidia and Bella had a hard time getting along.
I still cant believe we are going, and will leave for Chi town tomorrow afternoon!!
Daily Show just a bit ago.
Games: 3D Bounce and Global Race
Milan and I went to Reims, France, with another couple, to see and enjoy the oldtimer fair. The four of us travelled in an excellent driving Citroën 2CV. This driving duck might not be very silent, but this might not suppress our fun. So funny to see all the other driver’s heads turn whenever you pass them while driving.
I am the lord of the dance, said he
They open the door.
Have you got a minute? I told you I had some questions and I do. Being Friday I thought it a good time to ask, it will give you the weekend to solve these little nuisances of mine. Oh and there is music.
Some people are hair people, some people are shoe people, but me? I'm definitely a makeup person.
Here are the Top 10 New Year’s Resolutions That People Make
I swallowed my pride and took on assignments I wouldn't have taken since my earliest freelancing days-- articles for local publications, cheapie articles for websites-- because this is all I have and my daughter and I need a place to live. But I felt miserable about it. Then I pulled out all the stops and began trying things I'd never done before: I took out some Google ads, put out an ad on Publishers Marketplace, joined ASJA, started handing out my business card to people who spoke at seminars, asked for meetings with a couple of great agents.
the form c#, example c3, c11 etc. Enter ‘all’ to exclude all paths on all
Have a live video of Black Sabbath playing N.I.B. in 1970.
“I’m standing in my dining room right now looking at my bookcase and everything on the shelves is Brooklyn. Everything Brooklyn is here,” he said.
I SAY: Oh you know - clean, laundry, run errands, take care of the kid.
Shatung: Humans don’t seem to understand the delicate balance of earth’s creatures. Each species carries a specific energy that contributes to the whole. If my species or others are lost, there is a tear in the energetic fabric that weakens the overall stamina of the earth affecting all. There is perfection in our world.
And Hermes with his flying feet
Oh, and one of my personal favorites, the old men in the bright red hats with the vintage cars.
Andrei and I went back to Immigration twice this week. The first time was to argue our case. We got in line at 8:00 in the morning and it wasn't our turn until 6pm. They were taking about 1 person an hour. I was calmer though with A. there and everyone praying for me. I had clarified a few things, but the Inspector still wouldn't accept my new passport. She said I needed some kind of proof that I had changed my name and all the documents matched. We were arguing in circles.
watching my children laugh and run and play with my very best friends' kids.
Learning the technique of corridor evasion was something that I mastered. If I spotted a classmate walking towards me, I can expertly blend in with the crowd, and by the time she reaches the area where she thought I was, ready to greet me with that enthusiastic Hello Jasmine! I’d be safely hidden behind a group of people, amusing myself at the confused look on her face that says Now where did she go?
Sew your circle! Think of each distance between two pins as one short straight seam. Go slowly and be very careful to maintain a 1/4" seam allowance. As you get to each pin, leave the needle down and gently realign the fabric to avoid puckers. You may want to lift the presser foot when you do this. Be patient with yourself -- this will be slow going.
Ask your garden helper to look for stones, sticks, and treasures.
“Where’s your dog?” she exclaimed! “Shouldn’t you be walking your dog now?”
"Naptime" cut twice with the layers function selected from the Sugar and Spice Cartridge cut at 4.5 inches from floral print patterned paper
all right, all right
Then Africa, then Asia, then South America . . .
I have gone through the gambit since my marathon; wanting to quit, wanting to cut back, wanting to just run for fun and not forcing myself to train. I woke up this morning and fond myself WANTING a training plan so I got one but I am going to be lax in it. As long as I get each run in, I will be OK if they’re NOT on the day they’re supposed to be or if I do two a day, etc.
By taking the 4 minutes to go through the vehicles “vitals” with your customer, it will give the customer confidence that you are going to correctly go through the rest of the vehicle and prescribe the proper diagnosis for the vehicles ills.
Inmates held on immigration detainers were one of the few countervailing trends: ICE detainers accounted for 3.3% of local jail inmates in 2011 nationwide, compared to 1.7% in 2005 (the 21st century floor).
The problem with hats is that most of them look ridiculous; for those brave enough to wear a hat in public, they're a great way to keep cool and block the sun.
Formats:
2.Florists wire-You can make 2 flowers with just one standard sized florist wire which is available in the Indian market. My favorite color is silver as it lets the light reflected from the crystal shine so well.
And I cry. I cried over oil and vinegar salad dressing in the Microsoft cafeteria. I cried over spaghetti, and the thought of a phone call I have yet to make. I cried over a grave, not empty and yet so empty of what I hoped to find there.
The fountain of Youth is in Luckenbach, Texas. No one probably noticed but I have been absent a day or two. I took a couple of days off from the office while The Boss and I took a short vacation to Fredricksburg, Texas. Six million, eight thousand, three hundred and six , (that is where I stopped counting), motorcycles decided to do the same thing. On Saturday, on our way back home, we “cut through” to stop in on Luckenbach, Texas. The motor cycle riders decided to do that too. Most of you know I am a frustrated wanna be git-tar picker and If you had a radio and only listened to one country song, around ’78-’80,you have heard , “Let’s go to Luckenback, Texas, with Willie Waylon and the Boys”. Sooo, that is what I did.
But let's just chat for a minute. How are you? How about the inevitable coming of fall? It rained almost all of this week which was glorious (I love the rain) but I couldn't completely enjoy it since I know that soon enough it will be snow and freezing temperatures. Sigh.
and fly.
His Christian faith was sincere, “but, being Mike, it’s more complicated,” Mandy recalls. “He was, as I am, a Roman Catholic which brings its own multitude of problems for a man of his fragility.”
I did an eye look using Envy (the green eyeshadow single) and the browbone and crease colors in the Sweet as Candy trio:
Stealin' Back to My Old Time Used to Be
The crawling out
Young dogs with hip dysplasia appear to bunny hop or swivel their hips. Older dogs might start to show lameness after exercise. Some affected dogs have a hard time getting up, and others have difficulty on stairs.
34And to the rest of the Levites, that is, the families of the children of Merari, they gave from the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam and Kartah with their grass-lands;
Even though I'm pretty sure she won't remember her first trip to the circus, I know I certainly will.
After FOUR hours of dealing with this company....
Forgive the body.
﻿To show them how I take care of my cards, I opened both packs for them and showed them the cards one at a time. They then wanted to take the cards to bed with them. I told them no and how they should take care of them, knowing full well that they'd be tossed about the next day. I then realized that these things actually were their first experience with trading cards, so since no one posted this pack on the site yet (no way!!!), I scanned one of the packs for you all to enjoy.
Dr. Oz got the correct answer for a total of $5,900
In the word cloud below, a depiction of the frequency with which words crop up on Cheddar and Change, several themes are apparent.
And God said, I will create for them a companion who will be with them and who will see them as they are. The companion will remind them of Cat1their limitations, so they will know that they are not always worthy of adoration.’
If you ferment in plastic buckets, as I am doing more and more, you just drill a hole in the bucket, install the spigot and backnut which then sits just above the yeast and trub that settles out of your beer when it's done fermenting. To transfer your beer into a keg or bottling bucket, just sanitize a piece of tubing, squirt some sanitizer up into the spigot, attach the tubing, turn the handle, and Presto! your beer runs effortlessly into your keg. No messing around with siphons. As I've mentioned before, between a family of six, a full time job, a farm, and church responsibilities I'm trying to optimize my brewing set-up for speed. This is another nice notch up for me.
As a parent, I have a choice. I can choose to focus on trying to craft a "designer child," as Chua and many other parents do. If so, then everything I do now is with an eye on the future: Punishments/Rewards, Requirements, Expectations, Manipulation, Forced Lessons. It's all just in case. It's all with the hopes that my child will be some certain way. If I do all of that stuff now I can control the future.
When you're having terrifying and debilitating medical treatments, with an uncertain outcome and when your life is in the balance, you tend to think a lot of Big Thoughts. And one of the biggest was what I was going to do if the treatment was successful. I was aware all along that even if the cancer was defeated this time, there was always a chance that it would return. So when it was finally over, when I got the call in January, and the confirmation in March, that there was no more cancer, I was still acutely aware that the clock is ticking.
Our campus recycling coordinator and waste diversion guru Martin Maines has been working with our student crew and the res. life team to make sure we keep as much stuff out of the landfill waste stream as possible during this spring’s campus move out. One of these large bins will be placed in each residence hall in the coming week and monitored regularly through the end of the semester.
As we got older our tennis shoes were put aside for high heels, we traded in our Vaseline for anti-aging moisturizer and our fighting days are long behind us (unless you count kickboxing at the gym). However, we can still whip our earrings off in a moment’s notice if we sense danger. If you ever saw "Star Wars" think of it as an ‘urban’ use of the force. In other words - - If Luke Skywalker had an African American half sister. He would reach for his light saber when he sensed danger. Luke’s 'sister' would go for her earrings.
He got a new job and she was glad; maybe now he´d move on and she´d be able to divorce him without too much fuss. But one night he took out his rifle to clean it and the look in his eyes told her there´d be fuss.
There have been instances where menus have been an undeniable factor in restaurant success and failure. Wording in a menu can be the difference in customer expectations including: how much people order, what people order and how people ultimately judge their meal. A menu that reads like a book can be intimidating, tiring and confusing for diners – which can lead to a situation where the words may ultimately overwhelm the food. A menu that reads too minimalist can be too vague and uninformative – leading to improper interpretations/expectations of what is actually written versus what is actually served. The dream menu should have the perfect balance of food seduction and honest expectations, which is honestly impossible.
I would leave you all now…the anniversary of the death of my most cherished friend comes up in an hour, I wouldn’t want to miss a second. I live with my conscience, may our society feed on its own…
Getting a Durable Handbag
The FAS-FAX report details several of these circulation categories, and each should be compared with its like category. For example, it would be incorrect to compare core newspaper and its branded editions to the circulation of just a core newspaper. More detail will become available as individual Publisher’s Statements are released.
The attempts to live trap this animal with a culvert trap and snares had been unsuccessful. A decision was made by the Marshfield Police Department and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources to immediately remove any further possibility of danger from this bear by having it destroyed.
1.sam/whisper #17
I think I've found another favorite spot to eat in Hollywood.
I'm in Vietnam as this post comes onto the blog. Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrate it!
Perhaps because prejudice is valued higher than real Christian values of equality or probably because wisdom and deliberation is absent from our lives.
It is for us to Resist.
The veil has been torn and the grave is empty. And I have faith something beyond all expectation is waiting for me. This is, after all, the same God who brought Cora's file to us.
Karl: you lost in 1976
“Unemployment compensation, as we conceive it, is a front line of defense, especially valuable for those who are ordinarily steadily employed, but very beneficial also in maintaining purchasing power. While it will not directly benefit those now unemployed until they are reabsorbed in industry, it should be instituted at the earliest possible date to increase the security of all who are employed…”
5. Where is subplot of the refrigerator man going? Nick should have brought the quilt to Monroe for examination. There might have been a symbolic significance. Also, did the pie contain any potion? Am I too paranoid?
Finally we’ve come to the last installment in this series about the affect Anne Lamott’s chapter “Hunger” has had on my life. To catch up on the rest of the story you can go here.
If after all this you still want white all that's left to do is choose the perfect one :)
No. We have distorted this profound mystery. We have chosen pollutants over purity on more than one occasion. And nights have watched silent tears and God has grieved. Arrogance and folly and horrible decisions have stolen the sweetness of our sexuality and we are left with bruised fruit. And we do not look the part of God’s handiwork. Somehow, someone has scrawled across His masterpiece.
Leather covered.
spears & 2 tbsp of Light Ranch Dressing. Other options not in
Come the day, he arrives at the venue with Ga Young and Designer Kim. It is a fashion show for GG, Young Gul’s new venture. Jae Hyuk frowns at the designs. Finally at the end, Young Gul walks on stage. He and Ga Young catch each other’s eyes before he turns back and beckons Anna on stage. When Anna does come up, stumping Jae Hyuk and Ga Young, you can see the gloat in Young Gul’s expression. (Could it be any crazier?) Jae Hyuk watches Ga Young tear up and takes her hand, the gesture not lost on both Young Gul and Anna. Ga Young doesn’t take her hand back and turns to look at Young Gul, who is likewise looking at her in anger.
Since 1991 Somalia has increased exports of acacia charcoal to Kenya and the Gulf states. Areas of charcoal production include the region south of Kismayo, parts of Bay and Middle Shabelle, and several areas in ‘Somaliland’ and ‘Puntland’. This charcoal trade has created a serious environmental problem, as widespread tree-cutting threatens fragile pastoral lands.
Title: Purple Hibiscus
Ok, so...I vote for Lithuania. Their song was called "We Are the Winners (of Eurovision)".
It is in the public interest to investigate this but as it is now coming out anyway and this will seriously undermine the public's confidence in the nuetrality of the police.
Johnnys boys are classified as clean cut (in physical form and public image), handsome guys that train from a young age to sing, act, and dance, along with much more to become an all around entertainer, or “idol” as the Japanese call it. This is unlike the west where people only train to be one denomination, such as an actor or singer. They join the agency at a young age and become a “Johnnys Jr’s”, which is basically Johnny’s term for a trainee. The job as a Jr. is basically to back dance for and gain experience from the already debuted groups in the agency in the hopes that one day they will debut in a singing group (or solo) one day. Not all Johnny’s Jr.’s debut, unfortunately, and there are even some Jr’s that are as old as some of the debuted Johnnys.
As part of our efforts to expand beyond fashion features, we also want to profile cool shit around Portland. We know lots of rad people, we like to find rad places, and generally, there is a lot of weird random rad shit in Portland, so what the hell, we’re gonna write about it.
Goodness knows, South Africa desperately needs a new leadership. And it is to the ANC we must look for that leadership. That’s just the way it is at this stage of the game. We can only hope that Mangaung provides it.
graham, parker, jake's head and jack
The constant postings on our other blog has put me behind.
I don't know if that will get any better in the coming month. I've got a house to decorate, cookies to bake, presents to wrap, and a cat to keep out of my Christmas tree. But I know we're all busy during December, so I can't really use that excuse. The excuse I will use, though, is my plethora of writing activities.
physically
Well that's it for me today, I shall be back soon with some more of my recent creations and believe me I have been rather busy in the crafting department.....lol!!!
I've played basketball my whole life, I have always gone to the gym, for 2 years of high school I played on the Varsity Tennis team, and ballroom dance classes consumed my life during my freshmen & sophomore year of college.
Anyway that’s all for now, let me know what you are looking forward to this month in the comments below!
2. Praise God that he has already chosen and prepared the right child for us! Pray that we would have peace in that!
Fashion Weekend is surely an event perfectly made for someone having a big purse not suffering from anorexia just like mine does at the moment (yeah I'm quoting Natalia Kills' lines... because I can. POW!)). But not for someone who likes it a little more ...structured. And civilzed. I know...Fashion Week(end) + structures = contradiction in itself. But at least Fashion Week gave me the impression of not finding myself in the middle of the Topshop-Primark-scenario I described above.
you miss half the fun of getting there.
A sailor on board the USS John Paul Jones during a naval war games exercise gets a lot more than he bargained for when the Earth is invaded – by a foe lying in wait beneath the waves. Based on the board game from Hasbro, this comes from the producers of Transformers which might account for the look of the aliens.
However the long term trend in both S&P500 and Russell2000 is up. We are experiencing a short to medium term correction in a long term up market.
'The Power of Now'
He suggests the reason may be a combination of several factors based on the erosion in social and civic engagement — coupled with economic insecurity.
This one is the last printable for the Family Fun section. I'll be back on Monday with a recap, and a plan of attack for the rest of the HMB. I do so hope you enjoy the printables!
Could you cope without your sight?
Here are the countries with the free shipping and at the Book Depository you can get some pretty hefty discounts:
"I am a collector of Jewish Sports memorabilia. Back in the late-1990’s, I received a gift-certificate from one of the book stores. I decided to use the gift certificate on the book, When Boxing was a Jewish Sport. It was a fascinating history of Jewish boxers in the 1920s thru 1940s. After I read it, I decided to research & acquire autographs from some of the guys depicted in the book, who were still alive. Then, from there, (and I’m not sure how/why it happened) but I ended up interested in Jewish athletes from all sports, the major sports like baseball and football to the lesser popular sports like golf, gymnastics, lacrosse, tennis, swimming, etc,…
Deadline to enter is January 14th, 2012!
Emma Dean Allred (1902-1992), wife of Eli Howard.
At the wedding I did dance a lot, which caused some non-laborish contractions but otherwise nothing to get excited about.
DATE: Friday, June 22, 2012
this is what I made so far, I attached the sphere of clay to the thigh, I will show photos of how to do it next time because the clay is messy (laugh) it will ruin mg camera!it's not easy to take pics while my hands are messed up by clay^.^
So I obediently made my way to the local library to see what they had in stock, which turned out to be one hard-cover copy of The Code of the Woosters, in the ‘large print’ section (just a little embarrassing to read on the bus).
So I promised to talk about cake this week and of course I’m thrilled to because as all of you know by now, I love cake! Seriously though, my best advice regarding cake is to have fun with it. In the past, the wedding cake was the standout piece of a reception but It’s really not like that anymore. I mean heck, some people are skipping the cake altogether.
Run, Doggy, Run. Laura Benn shares some great pointers on how to prepare yourself and your dog to run together. (iRun)
Sarkozy is linked to the wife of a member of parliament now serving as a government minister, according to Le Point.
Why all this spleen? I am rather sick of hearing how a certain candidate or proposition is going to heal all wounds and set the choir singing and the alternative is bankruptcy, joblessness, children suffering, angry mobs, and old folks having to fund their retirements by working in sweatshops. OK, enough inner cynic, enough!
P.S. for all you sleepy heads out there, pls click this video and listen to this song with your EYES CLOSED for maybe 10-15 seconds. Then open your eyes, I bet you will be wide eyed with your mouth open too. =) Happy viewing.
Make sure your Harley-Davidson® motorcycle is receiving the regular maintenance it needs. Las Vegas Harley-Davidson is here to help get the most from your Harley-Davidson® motorcycle. Get your bike service. Schedule your more than an oil change appointment today.
“In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind.” John 1:4
The 12 pieces from Interior Angles represents a different direction for me. They are all created on 12" x 12" wood cradled panels and are abstract acrylics. No mixed media to be found, although by clicking on and enlarging these images, you might be able to get an idea of the layers and texture that make up these pieces.
just a month ago at parity with the Rand, it was a desperate move by the
I thought I'd share some more of the tags I've made using the techniques from Tim Holtz's online class.
Needless to say, I had a hangover the next morning. But hot damn did I have a good time.
I doubt this will ever happen. But if you ever get a call from jail, and it's me on the other end of the line, just know that something like this will probably be the reason why.
Today marks a week of livewithfruit and a big thank you to all you lovely readers and subscribers. To mark this occasion we have a fruit with a powerful name. It is time to enter the Dragon fruit (Hylocereus undatus). Wow what a title! Surly livewithfruit is in for a treat!
You forgot the color film,
Close to half of the total Boer child population of the republics were killed during the Anglo-Boer War.
I pay to the beat, walking on the street in my new lafreak, yeah
With the pain I’ve endured caught in the tear caught with time on my cheek
Today's readings were touching, as always, but one really stood out. It was Romans 14:7-9.
As a final touch I bought some new towels, silver cabinet handles, a small bathmat and two pics to decorate the wall. I reused the cabinet hinges by just painting them with silver spray paint. I even reused a white and pink trash can by spray painting the pink a beige with made-for-plastic paint. Reuse and Recycle people!
Spam hit the Wordpress site almost as soon as I put it up. The first-comment-approval system catches all of it, other than the bits the spam-filter takes away. Spam is platform-independent unfortunately, no matter where you go, the spammers follow. I'll keep an eye on the Wordpress spam filter in case it gets over-zealous!
What do you think? Can I call that feeling “good envy”? Any suggestions? :D
What was once love turned into bickering and hour-long phone calls about who was right, about why/not the U.S. had a duty to invade the Middle East and basically teach these children about democracy, because of course we always know better. And it’s not like such a concept could be almost impossible, especially in the most traditional countries that exist there.
And Miss Emma is having one awesome prize for one lucky Winner...she is giving away a CUTTLEBUG!!! :)
I am inspired by the River Loop Coffee blog (Brother Mark’s extensive reviews of coffee-points for cyclists along the Brisbane River) and so have decided to provide a much-inferior version for Wagga. I am doing this as a lighthouse service for unsuspecting travellers. There are some truly terrible cups of coffee served in this town, and I have sampled many of them.
Either way, though, time is running out. The FT blog has documents which "make clear the schedule is slipping dangerously". The Wednesday meeting of eurozone finance ministers, that was cancelled, was supposed to approve the launch of the restructuring so the process can begin today. Instead, we have the three-header with Monti in the chair.
That is a HUGE garden full of just about everything, that popped up along a hell strip next to the train tracks. No idea if just one person did it or the whole neighborhood, but love to see space being used like that!
Well, this week, I've got the button - actually, I have a LOT of buttons thanks to the Build-a-Flower die cut set now available from Clear and Simple Stamps.
I'm trying to figure out what my thoughts are this morning and it turns out I don't have many. Or I have too many...I'm not sure which it is.
fascinating
Phase 1 – Strength 20 reps every 1:15
To end on a lighter note and in honour of the brilliant Hatem Ben Arfa after his stunning goal against Bolton, here’s some well-known footage of him arguing with Abou Diaby as teenagers. As a non-French speaker, this is still pretty cool:
Mr. Lockwood who was a tenant at Thrushcross Grange was telling story in Nelly's words but shorter. Was this his way of saying that he is writing a book about ThrushCross and The Heights?
Or he would be fired.
If you're a writer, what age category do you write for?
I want to say a special “Thank You anf Hooah!” to the Hanson Operating Oil Company. The President of that company, Ray Willis, announced the donation of land in Roswell, NM for the creation of a veterans only cemetary.
- more tags for manga posts: yes, this is something that I completely overlooked (because I didn't plan to post that many manga at the beginning) and I will from now on enforce author and genre tags for manga.
9. You’ve got the whitest teeth I have ever seen!
When Lincoln took the oath of office on March 4th, 1861, he was President of a divided nation. Seven states had already seceded from the Union, and formed the Confederate States of America. Although the Republican Party was against slavery, Lincoln was not for abolition at this time. In his inaugural address, he repeated his previous statements about his wish to only prevent the expansion of slavery to the new territories, and not to bother it in those places where it already existed. But he also promised he would defend the Constitution he was sworn to uphold, and that it was in the hands of the South, and not his, that the “momentous issue of civil war” existed. He would not start the war, unless the south started it first. But by the time of his second inaugural address four years later, he would have overseen the bloodiest conflict in American history.
This might be quite exciting for us both, or it might come to nothing.
SO far,
You may well question why ALEC and its backer need an even more dumbed down populace, since this is the same American electorate who can be convinced of almost anything, even the need to send its sons and daughters off to wars generation after generation. Well. Siouxlou, the wealthy and powerful never think they have enough control over the hooples, any more than they ever think they have enough money.
Here’s something that will rule out P90X for a lot of people: it takes a LOT of time. If you follow the program strictly, here’s what a typical week would look like…
You ask them to give up their lives – their wholeness – their futures and you can’t even assure them that following your orders is in keeping with their oath to defend The Constitution.
A Japanese fishing vessel swept away during the Class III 2011 Tohoku Zulu Outbreak was spotted 170 miles off of Canada by an air patrol craft. No attempt was made to board the boat and inspection from the air provided no signs of life. Upon discovery the United States and Canadian Coast Guard immediately quarantined the ship. It was later sunk by CF-18 Hornets out of CFB Comox, British Columbia. It is unknown for certain whether or not it harbored infected.
As I am breastfeeding my 4 month old I cannot be as restrictive as I would like to be. For example, I have always wanted to try a juice based detox or to try eating only raw foods for a week. Side note: I went to a raw food restaurant for the first time last week in Toronto called Rawlicious and it was amazing. Yes I have had raw meals before (most salads are, aren’t they?) but never have I had raw Pad Thai “a mix of raw kelp noodles, shredded romaine, carrots, peppers, zucchini noodles mixed in a Thai sauce topped with crumbled cashews and green onions.” (see photo below) YUM! So as I was saying, I would have loved to embark on a more challenging “break” but my inexperience with these sorts of things would most likely result in my not eating enough nutrients, protein and possibly calories to feed myself and my little one with, so I will save those explorations for another time.
Mike Fuller: 2. During The Amendment. There Will Be A Vote Of The Congress In September Because It Is Necessary For Our Immigration Policy!
There are frequent, very large gang fights around the embankment's municipal toilet, the Yacht Mole and the Victoria Embankment.
1 grows
in the anonymous depths
*Daddy/Jeff is thankful for Melanie (me!)
So, on Wednesday June 1st...he said we would go out to dinner and then would take a walk through the Arboretum where he would show me all the new plants. I was excited, not even suspecting what was in store!
1/4 t Coarsely Ground Black Pepper
climb that high.
A&E is “Real Life. Drama.” Now reaching more than 97 million homes, A&E is television that you can’t turn away from; where real life shows are dramatic and scripted dramas are authentic. A&E offers a diverse mix of high quality entertainment; ranging from the network’s original scripted series including “The Cleaner” starring Benjamin Bratt and “The Beast” starring Patrick Swayze, to signature Real-Life franchises, including the Emmy-nominated “Intervention,” “Dog The Bounty Hunter,” “Paranormal State” and “Criss Angel Mindfreak,” and the most successful justice shows on cable, including “The First 48” and “Crime 360.” The A&E website is located at http://www.aetv.com/.
So very possibly he has some upcoming auditions….I dare say he’ll star in a pantomime again in the winter! Personally I think that Gareth needs to keep his profile high. Fans were unimpressed when he quit “Hair” in Germany but to be honest what is the point of going to the effort of learning all the songs and script (the script would be more challenging for Gareth anyway due to his stammer) but for the sake of two weeks ? financially it doesn’t make sense it will probably cost almost as much to stage as the money they’ll get back from the ticket sales for 2 weeks !
I actually learned to type on
I will send you the product by email today. Just let me know which language you need.
"Unlike the Kosovo Albanians who are using weapons and violence to reach their goals, the Kosovo Serbs are using peaceful and democratic methods to accomplish theirs," the mayor of the Serb part of the divided city of Mitrovica, Krstimir Pantic, said after casting his ballot.
So why do radical Islamist hate America? Why is it perceived by a large population of this country that their threat is real, their goals are real, and the United States puts itself in grave danger by not doing everything they can to combat the threat? I do admit that there is a threat and their goals are real but are we as a nation really in grave danger? I’m not convinced.
I am grateful for the four gospels, and today I want to tell you why.
08. There's A Ship Arriving Too Late To Save A Drowning Witch #
b) Savant i.e. dumb as a box of hair taped up but able to play an oboe in tune
4. Little Pink Pony
Sometimes we fall prey to believing that God is not concerned, and that He does not lead us in our work life. We are tempted to think that He leads us in other areas, but not in our daily workplace. The truth is that God is in every aspect of life and desires to direct us.
Team Guy and Team Kakashi know that there is a protective barrier of the Akatsuki hideout, being generated by 5 forbidden tags in the area. After preparations, Team Guy removes the tags and disables the barrier allowing Team Kakashi to enter the lair. Meanwhile, the Akatsuki members have ended the astral projection technique and left the den. Deidara and Sasori, who were the only ones physically present, are left to care for the intruders.
Hamburger Beef Jerky (I don’t eat meat anymore, but my family does!)
(6)Fill a pastry bag with the dough to make a cream puff ring.
The whole situation kept me away from my blogs for very long. Too long maybe. And then one day I started to pray, not that I did not pray before but this time it was different, I started to have long conversation with my God and ask him to give me more strength and faith and courage and suddenly my life started to get better (not that the situation in Haiti is better) but my personal life gets richier and I have learned to cop with the environment - not as I would want it but as it is when there is no other choice.
One of the old guard, please tell me if this is a new or an old problem. I think it’s gotten worse over the last few years, but it might just be that, as a young fan, I’ve only just started noticing it as much as I should.
litter box tycoon
That is a conflation of a reactionary with a progressive cause. It is reactionary when it blames foreigners for loss of control over the economy, land, jobs, incomes etc and looks to ‘national’ ownership as salvation. It is progressive when it blames foreign imperialism of all nations, and its agents in NZ, the NACTs, the banksters and the vulture capitalists, who as an international ruling CLASS, conspire to increase their
My husband started plowing between the berry vines first. He planted them far enough apart this year so that he could get the plow between the rows. While he drives the tractor I hula-hoe all of the weeds that he can't get to with his tractor.
This walkway, so crowded in the day, was deserted, just another couple of people ahead of us, and Mr. Optimist by my side decided he would like a beer, vaguely remembering seeing a bar in the parallel street.
First, let’s look at verse 60: “Many of his disciples said, ‘This is very hard to understand. How can anyone accept it?’” I wonder how many people today walk away from Jesus because His teaching is too hard to understand? Without the help of the Holy Spirit and more mature Christians, some of what Jesus says is very hard to understand. But the core of His message is not. He came to save sinners by His sacrifice of Love, and He calls His followers to trust in Him alone for their salvation.
So there you have my K word – KNICKERS!
It has a wide rounded neck-line on front and back and capped sleeves. The cleavage ties together with a fake bow and the design shows off a small amount of midriff.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to give my all my trust to scientists and politicians within the believe that if what they speak is so complex and impossible for me to comprehend they must know what they are doing where I never ask myself the question how can they know what they are doing if life for all people is becoming worse with each day
Cook the meat for 45 minutes to one hour. When it is done remove the meat from the pot and add the 1 tsp of cornstarch dissolved in 1 tsp of water. Boil until the sauce is thickened. Add the saffron and simmer for couple of minutes. Serve by garnishing with the pomegranate seeds. I served it over rice.
The truth is, I'm sure I could never be certain what was behind this unexpected twist in Tribute's tale, but it's worth pointing out that, whatever the cause, the result was a drink which was now potentially even more delightful than ever before.
mutual admiration pact, Prince and Bush share some
If we truly understand that it’s God’s perogative in that we are even saved and know Him, I think our approach in apologetics would be a lot more humble towards those who do not believe.
Ism - A Diet for the Worms (SIN 1983)
GEORGE SOROS: As the SMH said “The eurozone has just ploughed on with the same old set of failed policies” with attention switching from Greece to Spain. Commenting on the European Central Bank George Soros said “the fundamental problems have not been resolved, the gap between creditor and debtor countries continues to widen. The crisis has entered what may be a less volatile but more lethal stage”.
little Arnaudville brewery and his homestead’s smokehouse.
I do have one more fun thing to look forward to this week though, before I have surgery. The hubby and I are going to see Dierks Bentley in concert tomorrow night. I'm SO excited and ready to "get a little bit SIDEWAYS!" ;)
Donato Carrisi
“Offering our customers a shopping experience that is both entertaining and relevant is at the core of what we do,” Sandy Conrad, HSN’s senior vice president of merchandising, said in a canned statement. “We’re excited to have Randy Travis kick off Memorial Day weekend and be a part of HSN’s first-ever Americana event.”
Yes, I am late to the party. I am aware that Earth day was last Friday not today. I had the best of intentions to post this last Friday but life got in the way. However I thought this was such a good thing that I am going to go ahead and share it with you now, even if it is late. What is it? Well by now I assume a lot of us are bringing our own reusable shopping bags with us to the grocery store, but what about all those plastic bags we use when buying our fruits and vegetables? I know most people are still using the plastic bags provided at the grocery store and if you are anything like we are, they just get thrown away, they aren't good for anything else that I know of. I felt bad that it was such a waste so I got to thinking of a way to make a reusable produce bag and here is what I came up with. This idea is so simply and an idea that I am sure others have thought of so I am a little embarrassed to show it to you but if I thought it was cool and something very useful to help us cut down on waste, I am sure someone else will to so here you go, Reusable Produce Bags.
The idea behind the contest is to share your 'Mom Cave' and how having your own little Nirvana Space keeps you sane and organized. According to designer Elaine Griffen there are 4 Mom Cave Essentials:
"I now understand why Stan always smiles when I take his picture--he is smiling because he is a narcissist and planning on using these pictures to take over the world." Stan's mother said.
(Still FRame courtesy Agora Archives Neederhuis Maastricht)
09 Cadillac
Dr. William Focazio is the founder of Pain Alternatives, Solutions and Treatment, a group that treats retired NFL players and other former athletes. Focazio and his people do not only provide free medical testing and care, because they run into so many ex-athletes who are destitute, they are even likely to pay for travel and lodging when the athletes fly in to see them from out of town.
THANK YOU ALL FOR PARTICIPATING! Email me at: youngnester(at)gmail(dot)com and ask for the code for my "I was featured" button! I would love for you to show the world I love you!
When I was half the man I was
The real epiphany moment came some months later. I had bought my first TML shirt in their after Christmas sale (OK, second if you count the pink one). It was from their recently launched slim fit range in blue twill. I couldn’t bring myself to buy a 16½ (old habits die hard) so bought a 17 instead. It fit pretty well, I thought. So I was looking for another shirt and popped into the TML shop on the Strand after a meeting in central London. I thought I might try out a 16½ this time round so asked the attractive shop assistant how significant the size difference was between a 16½ and 17 shirt.
It's important that community and business leaders support arts education program will get supporters of Oklahoma will provide you with all sorts of everyday stuff. Feeling anxious to know more about this little paradise, well you are going to suffer, but this Oklahoma football team is deep and extremely talented, so see where your college football celebration - rabid gold-clad fans running to the city oklahoma volkswagen can enjoy fishing or dipping in the city oklahoma single. The Best Western Lawton Hotel & Convention Center Hotel etc.
AVATAR just might be the rare Cameron movie that gets better as it gets older, however, and as discussion of the film starts digging beneath the surface to examine the themes and issues at play here, AVATAR might be seen as a film that’s more than just a landmark effects film. Dismissing AVATAR as an empty spectacle is as much a mistake as dismissing it simply because he turns Indians blue.
My mother was 20, and a nanny, when she discovered her pregnancy with her first child.
½ cup oil
Recently Megaupload and Filesonic were taken down along with every other site that was associated with these two (like megavideo). So a question pops up who's next? What am I going to do if Mediafire gets taken down?
Speaking of which. Oh my gawsh, it's gonna be wild. Duane Swierczynski, Hilary Davidson, Glenn Gray and John Rector are ready to put some baaaaad ideas in your minds and I have a feeling the evening will spiral from there and turn into a marathon of human wreckage. Of course, drinks will be available to soothe the tailspin, as will books! I'm gonna make sure more Noir at the Bar anthologies are ordered and I suspect that Crime Factory antho will be floating around. I believe Cameron Ashley will be in attendance that night, so ask the hell him.
Mouthfeel (0-3): A little thin. Just like Shiner Bock. 3 points
Today he really and mysteriously injured himself. He has a huge gouge in his right front arm pit. The vet was able to stick her whole hand up in it. She had to suture muscle and skin. His whole shoulder shakes. He's not putting any weight on it. He rears back, loads his hind end, and hops forward on his good front leg. He's locked in his stall, and I'm going out in the morning to see if he's putting weight on it. If not we'll do x-rays to see if there's a fracture. The problem is that the high today was 17 degrees and the x-ray machine's readout screen doesn't work in these temps. If there is a fracture it would be his Humerus, which is a major weight bearing bone in his leg/shoulder. There wouldn't be anything we could do.
Ingredients for this card are:
I imagine the scene went something like this:
For easy of reading, I have included the method in steps.
Q: What Is Holiness? Why Is Holiness Important?
* Link up by 10/13 - 11:59 CST
Friday night Angus does an altar call and sees literally 1000’s give their live to the Lord. Awesome! Out the corner of my eye I catch one of my medics holding his hand high up. Wow, and I wanted only Christian medics here. The night offers little sleep. Some patients need hospitalization. There are some broken bones from falls on the motorcycles, some medical cases, all stable, none life threatening.
Are those the kind of mates you would like for eternal company especially as they will be writhing in pain just like you?
Ng TP, Foo SC, Yoong T. Menstrual function in workers exposed to toluene. Br J Ind Med 1992; 49: 799-803.
Me: "Ok"
I live in Saint Helena CA, but grew up just down the Hwy in Napa through the Eighties.
And then you get...this card
You didn't know the needy man was Me!
KEITEL WA, CATE TR, COUCH RB. Efficacy of sequential annual vaccination with inactivated influenza virus vaccine. Am J Epidemiol 1988; 127: 353-364.
4) Ask the right questions about their culture. Don’t ask questions that will bring up painful memories, but asking questions about what they did for fun, what their food is like, etc. show, again, your interest in them. And you’ll hear some really cool stories while you’re doing that. One of my Sudanese friends talked about how he used to swim in the Nile almots every day.
GING KALPAPRUEK
The gigantic biotech corporation Monsanto is threatening to destroy the agricultural biodiversity which has served mankind for thousands of years. The endless list of genetically modified seeds sold and controlled by Monsanto are putting at enormous risk age-old agricultural patterns under the presumptuous slogan of aiming at solving the huge problem of hunger in the world.
I fear that I won't ever feel adequate enough. I know, that's another issue. I have to love myself no matter what what but my big problem is perfectionism and with that comes comparing myself to others. It's hard when I see my friends and cousins, etc. building homes and families for themselves or advancing in an already established career.
i go to work,
Okay, confession time.
Predicted: Andrew Luck
STYLE WARS is regarded as the indispensable document of New York Street culture and subway graffiti art of the early '80s, It is a record of a golden age of youthful creativity that exploded into the world from a city in crisis. http://www.stylewars.com/
Green Olive
You close your eyes, take a few deep breaths and slowly, the world just melts away. There might be music in the background and the sound of his or her voice. This space is yours. Starting from silence, you begin to move, slowly at first, tentatively, but as you learn to trust your body your movements expand. Without going anywhere at all, every breath takes you to a new place.
Well, the soup was enjoyed by all. One of many things I'm thankful for. But, what will we have tomorrow?
The four women in question have all worked together for around five years and are as thick as thieves. Despite bitching about each other, they always stick together. And once someone is a source of amusement for them, no amount of changed behaviour is likely to really register.
“No Christian Audigier or Ed Hardy, which are forever banned from fashionable workplaces everywhere.”
You are everywhere I look
Company information on tablets still need to be protected, and employee usage still needs to be monitored. And this is just for starters.
Friday--I slept till 10, got up and it was just beginning to snow (again!) I decided not to go out looking for Lazertran waterslide decals that Flea Market Trixie tempted me with. Another time!
I was very happy to hear all this. And he felt a sense of great fulfilment when he could feel that I understood. He asked me what I would do know that I knew. I said I would be happy!
The opener, Papercuts, is definitely worth mentioning to you guys. They’ve been around for awhile, but I’m a latebloomer and had never heard of them. Their most recent album, You Can Have What You Want, came out in March of this year. They have a very full, layered sound, with a lot of wonderful synth that creates that sort of ethereal musical fog we all know and love. Jason Quever’s voice makes Ben Gibbard jealous, I think, because he achieves melancholic preciousness without whining. Just kidding, I like Ben’s voice, but I like Jason’s better. Anyway, apparently while I was sitting on my butt before Camera Obscura came onstage, my sister and husband went to get drinks and had a mini-conversation with Jason outside by the merch. table. So, great job me for missing a prime opportunity to ask any questions at all to post on the blog. From what I can gather, Jason likes playing music and says that either us coming to see Papercuts play or him playing in Papercuts is better than being bored (it was one or the other, I can’t remember what they said). It’s okay, talking to people in bands scares me anyway. You can check out their myspace page here. Their older albums are clearly worth checking out as well, I especially like Can’t Go Back. Moody music makes my life on rainy days like today.
Well folks, I guess I’ll write today until I am weary with words. And maybe, just maybe, I’ll be back again tomorrow.
"When I hear Mitt Romney say that he believes that Jesus is the Son of God–that he's the Christ, raised from the dead, that he's his Savior–that's good enough for me," Osteen said in an interview to air on CNN's "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer." Shame on Joel Osteen for being such a coward, plain and simple. Rather than tell the truth he would rather tell a bald face lie. Knowing darn well because someone knows Christ is God's son does not make them a Christian. The Scripture teaches Satan knows who Christ is but it doesn't make him a Christian. Joel Osteen should lose what little bit of credibility he have left among true followers of Christ, for trying to push Mormonism as being Christianity. It is not Christianity Joel. Mormonism does not adhere to the teachings of Christ and therefore it is not Christianity.
Now if I could just get on that Christmas shopping things would be peachy. Until then, I'll be living it up for the remainder of the week in Las Vegas, work related. Wonder if I can find some grand Elvis souvenirs to put under the tree! A girl could only dream.
Left Hand Milk Stout Longmont, Colorado, Sweet Stout, 5.3%
the sound project aims to give local unsigned bands a platform in a professional venue to showcase their talent. It is run on a non-profit basis by a group of young volunteers from local secondary schools.
Why can’t life always be like this, she thought, smiling and smiling at the lovely room with its cheerful wallpaper and the gay curtain that hid the waste-pipe of the washbasin. She revolved slowly in front of the open window, the street turning with her: the shining bonnets of the cars at the kerb, the spearheads of the painted railings, the thin black trees that were bouncing in the wind.
There are so many resources out there for writers. Industry blogs, forums and websites comparing agents, advice from writers. But it occurred to us there's something that might be missing.
This excerpt of a poem called Charlotte at the Kings Staircase by Mercedes Kemp encapsulates the exhibition The Enchanted Palace now open at Kensington Palace in London. Not your run of the mill installation, this collaboration between fashion designers and artists including Vivienne Westwood, Stephen Jones, Boudicca, Echo Morgan, Aminaica Wilmont and William Tempest remakes Kensington Palace into a contemporary art gallery.
For one thing, there is an excessive willingness to sacralise “human nature”. This is presumably taken to refer to our biological nature and to stand in contrast to cultural or environmental influences. But anyone who is familiar with contemporary behavioural biology will know that the simplistic nature/nurture distinction is discredited. We now know that our phenotype is the product of a set of causal feedback loops between genes and environment. Discussions of enhancement that ignore this new understanding are seriously deficient.
Posted by Jess
Cut the Rope Lite: a super fun, cute, entertaining physics puzzle game - we may have to shell for the full version of this since we keep running through the early puzzle set;
There’ll be some drinkin’ at the old hotel tonight
That’s the status of every single person who is crushing on someone. Not only the singles, but also for the taken people out there. It feels great that with a single glance of your special someone will make your day complete, right? Feels like your in a paradise with him/her.
Finally, when I'd rolled over and muttered how I was going to scruff Scruffy personally if he didn't shut the HELL up, Woody quietly rolled out of bed and went out to see what he could do.
I am aware we don’t start off with the best of odds; if this were a game I wouldn’t bet on it… I have played different scenarios in my mind; I have mentally drenched us in disaster. Would we survive the worst? Would “us” survive the worst?
Now the greedy private sector taxpayers, the weirdo 95% of citizens without state pensions, who are responsible for paying for Mr. Corn’s $152,490.84 annual pension, contribute 6.2% to their own pension (called Social Security) and at age 62 after 40 years of contributions can take down a huge maximum pension of $22,260 annually or about one-seventh of Mr. Corn’s annual pension. So Mr. Corn contributes at a rate 22% higher but for 9 fewer years but receives 7 times the pension. And Mr. Corn retired earlier too at age 59. What a terrible deal for Mr. Corn. No wonder he is complaining.
said that because he had been overeating the SAD diet for soooo long and
I was pleasantly surprised in the end to see that the feathers did indeed show up on the front, almost as well as the white on white on the back. I had expected that they would really disappear as the thread color was so close to the fabric color. My friend really loved the feathers, she said they looked very graceful.... Whoo Hoo!!!
Eventually I updated HRD to version 5 and they started to work together.
The sky is cloudless blue every day,
Many thanks to Candy Gourlay for agreeing to this interview. It’s been a real pleasure watching Candy reach publication and a thrill to hold and read her book. I wish her huge and exuberant dollops of success with Tall Story and the manuscript she’s currently working on. Yes, that does mean I’m getting sneak previews. No, I’m not telling you about it! Not just yet, anyway…
Paul Garner has a BSc in Environmental Sciences and is a Fellow of the Geological Society of London. He is currently part of an international research team investigating the origin of the Coconino Sandstone of central and northern Arizona.
Scenario 2: Ambush!
Michael Conniff quoting Jason Calcanis mentioned the three features of blog:
2) 50 Double-Unders – rest 20 sec.
The event benefits United Way of Southwest Colorado. This is one of the most significant craft beer events in Durango each year, and I always have a good time.
If you see anything that you fall in love with it is available to buy
the wave function collapses and possibility becomes actuality. Of
Universities, those in the top tiers anyway, discourage free thought. Actually, they discourage any thought. Well, that’s not completely true, they encouraged fantasy and weirdness. For example, early on, “feminists” loathed Ernest Hemingway. Loathed him. They “found” all sorts of white, male, patriarchal “evidence” (of some anti-woman “code”) in everything he wrote (this was made possible by the nuts who took the “isms,” married them with “deconstruction,” and smashed all that into a “post-structural” theory omelet to “prove” . . . oh who the hell knows what . . . it’s all Marxist crap at root, but they like to add layers in the absence of actual critical thinking). But Hemingway scholars were loathe to buy into this, careers at risk and all, so they made him not the macho, He-Man hunter- fisherman, they made him the effeminate, gender-bending “androgynist” (this crap permeated Hemingway studies for a decade, but it made him acceptable to contemporary literary theory) . Yep, Earnest was a great big gay who wished he was a woman. Uh-huh. That’s how they teach him now. Not his literary merit (huge) or his skill with narrative (also huge), but as a great big woman, who didn’t get the free “health care” he needed to be the woman he always wanted to be. Crazy? Sure. Who cares if he’s gay, straight, or whatever? Oh, right, leftists bent on division. Got it.
thanks for listening!
Oh, what glad tidings!
Karma, wouldn’t you agree that it’s a bi$%^? Despite the fact that many might say that it doesn’t exist, oh, it’s real my friends. Karma, it has no expiration date, it never forgets, it doesn’t accept apologies and it makes you pay sooner or later. I recall having a conversation with a few friends about karma and relationships. The debate had several good points, it went back and forward as we debated if karma really exist. Perhaps the phrase that most caught my attention was an opinion by a friend, “Karma is something someone bitter made up.”
There is nothing a man can do to be justified. “In thy sight shall no flesh be justified.”
SLID : All sung in Icelandic. We are one of the few groups doing that. Everybody thinks they will become big rock stars doing some bullshit in bad English. Prostitution. Our lyrics are mostly stories, word games. They can't be translated into English.
But I stepped on a
Director: Buster Keaton & John G. Blystone
Vast column inches are given over to the opinion polls, the tea leaves and crystal ball gazing by pollsters trying to determine who is ahead, and by how much, and what it could all mean for our future government. Clearly Mr Cameron has not grabbed the electoral high ground; it might all change when we have the TV debates, but then again it may not. So could Gordon Brown still be PM after the election? Yes he could, and then the country will be in real trouble. Watch then the infighting and the jockeying before the knives come out. We will be faced with a Labour party who thinks it is omnipotent, one that will contain even less experience than the current cabinet. Who will push the knife into Mr Brown should he win in a couple of months?
The problem was that most people wanted some proof of this accomplishment – perhaps a copy of the anthology in which their poems appeared, or a plaque. And that’s where the fees applied. The anthology cost over $50. Bio? $25. Poems on a CD, a plaque, a medallion… it all adds up.
Here are a couple and I look forward to doing some more real soon, perhaps even a challenge could be on the agenda;)
1 container Korean seasoned spinach
Thanks to all of you that joined with us last week -it was great to see your wonderful Water Lily and Larkspur cards. As we had a little problem with our Inlinkz code going a bit awry last week and lots of people were unable to add their links, we've decided to roll-over our prize draw and include all the cards entered for this week's challenge too.
Cat Daddy and his wing nut, Trash...junkers unplugged!
Cowboy, Cowboy, in the big town
Coming soon: Printable books. You’ll be able to print your diary in hard copy format!
"I don't believe in God," said William. It was the wrong thing to say. Even Mrs. Conroy looked startled."
My birthday is coming up...on September 11th. Yep. My brother was born on December 7th. Yep. If this keeps up, there will be a disaster on all of my siblings' birthdays.
Fortunately, my Muse knows this and steers my path into other directions. Basically meaning that the ideas I’ve started with have consistently morphed into something else. I’ve also discovered how difficult it is to keep short stories short. William found several magazines who want stories between 3 and 6K, and a few more that want them up to 8k. I’m averaging 4+ to just over 6k.
The work presented is obscure, arcane, and surrealist beyond Surrealism, hermetic, a body of work that is self-reflective and so interior and personal as to make little sense to an outsider. Warner likes to image Johnson's method as a three sided (or even a multi-person) game in which person hits the ball to their neighbor so that the ball goes around and around, instead of back and forth. Each time, the ball (i.e. mail art, letters, rubber stamped collages, etc) would accumulate more items, more instructions, more people roped into Johnson's machinations.
1338 **D-II/10/2000. “Slavery and the Right of Revolution.” Response to a Book Review, Washington Times (January 10, 2000). (Incorporated in Item C-2000(5), pp. 146-50, and in Item C-2001(5), pp. 302-03.)
Existence is my only constant. Like a Mobius strip, I am non-orientable and never-ending.
That encounter made me think. This heifer must be having a really, really bad day. She knew the rule not to cry at her desk or in public, so she went to seek the safety and anonymity of the bathroom stall to emotionally respond and cleanse from whatever is going on.
Call me a cynic but I believe that the decision to kill Osama bin Laden was not taken until the 2012 elections became a priority. Why? Because three terrorist attacks, including the Fort Hood murders, had previously been swept under the rug by the Obama administration. Moreover, the Obama Justice Department continues to threaten CIA agents with jail for the aggressive interrogation techniques that led to finding bin laden.
Someone asked me this morning if I still write...their (somewhat negative?) wording was "so much for writing." because I posted about my other business and how happy I am with it on my face book. Yes I write still. But if I didn't so what? It's not like I'm my writing. I'm me. How I choose to direct my me-ness is entirely up to ME. So it was a funny sort of question but now on to the blog post.
**more on the road trip soon–that girl has Big Plans!
Picture Imperfect
Well here we are again for another MDUC challenge and I almost freakin forgot to post it! Had my card done early in the week, took pictures but just forgot to write the post. HOLI COW REALLY?!! Remembered an hour before - and I really wonder how. AND I was making a card!! ha ha ha!! Phew occupied or what?! I am soooo laughing at myself right now!
Overall, I feel as though Morgan Spurlock didn’t quite have an objective for Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan’s Hope. With the way it was written, it can feel at times more like a commercial or tourism piece than a documentary about the actual convention. It’s not as though Spurlock didn’t deliver on his promise. The advertised synopsis is in no way misleading, and when it comes to this film, what you see is what you get. It’s just that you would think that with someone as high profile as Stan Lee producing, Spurlock could have easily exceeded expectations.
The five months’ wait may be harder for some than others. Here are a few quotes by R___. who apparently was a Family Radio caravan RV driver up until May 21. These quotes were posted early in June on a Facebook page for Camping supporters:
I think I was sick for the first three months of the year.
Declare worship time.
I miss my special friends Laura and Judy on Whidbey Island who went through the great tragedy with me and were the only two people who stood by my side. And yes, a lot of you were with me too...
First Quarter: East Region
I finished the ending not long ago and I find the ending to be quite enjoyable and exciting to watch, especially the moment when Dik Yan-kit with his family meeting the empress regnant in palace hall to seek justice for his innocent wife killed by Mou Sing-chi and to reveal all the bad things he has done. That part is breathtaking, and finally the evil Mou Sing-chi is given death punishment in the end. I like the part when his son came out and revealed all the things up against him and advised him to stop. It’s a good ending to them; peaceful death. The part I’m disappointed is the character of Sunny Chan. He just died like that, so quick with no depth to his death in the drama. Well, at least for Sonija Kwok, she had.
For He keeps me safe and sound;
Doug Powell: Spin World God
Pitkin County, Colorado
Burger w/ Queso Fresco, Roasted Poblanos, & Avocado - March 3
When I stopped being the martyr, when I stopped feeding off my regret and started living actively and accepting the consequences of the choices I’d made, doors opened. I’d never imagined that possible, but they did.
Nothing shall hinder the accomplishment of the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God; for “whom He did foreknow, He also did predestinate;” and “whom He did predestinate, them He also called; and whom He called, them He also justified; and whom He justified, them He also glorified.” It is all done in God’s account, and nothing in earth or hell can undo it.
I love you. I really do. And while many people treat you like the red-headed stepchild, I must say this: You have a monopoly on new starts. Hands down.
I like to sometimes take pictures with my phone. If I feel like it, I post those pictures to Twitter, Facebook, etc.
and urges him to accept it, bending her face to his: “A poor gift,
In this case I doubt the validity of the inclusion of Paraphilic Coercive Disorder as a diagnostic catergory.
The dog snuffles round the margins of the garden. It's a bit deaf. I call it but it only hears the upper bits of the ways I try to call it.
I love my Mother Kaisu very much. She is 80 years old and she has been working hard all her life. Her life can be read form every little line in her hands. Yet her hands are very soft and I love the tender touch of them when she strokes my hair. Her hands are the most beautiful creation I have seen not only in their appearance but also for the strength and love that they carry. Knowing that my Mother clasps her hands in prayer every day gives me strength and hope for the future.
It's a hard line to draw, but it's one we all need to make.
If kids not interested or stuck in one place, give them a break, come back later
I am still loving the colours...which is lucky
It's my turn to post on the My Stamp Box web site today and I've included a project which features a cotton reel or spool, whatever you want to call it, which I bought at a Craft Fair in Wiesbaden a few years ago. At the time I was so excited to find it on a ribbon stall and knew I had to take it home. As per usual it's taken this long for me to figure out just what to do with it but I think it was worth the wait.
- Clean slate rounds (slammers know what that means)
Good luck! No warranty is either express or implied, and any damage you do to your template is your own dang fault!
I do typical dad things like eat grape nuts and post pictures of my kid with a fake mustache on facebook.
our warmest words all frozen in our throats
The "cloud" stamp is really the top of the cupcake from the Stampin' Up set CREATE A CUPCAKE and the sentiment stamp is from UNITY.
A must-have book for all vampire fans, A Brief History of Vampires charts the phenomenal craze of ‘popular vampires’ such as Nosferatu and Count Dracula to screen vampires such as those played by Bela Lugosi and Robert Pattinson. With the current global vampire craze taking the book, film and TV charts by storms with the Twilight saga and True Blood, this book begs the question: why do we love to be frightened?
It's off to bed for me now.
Dear Joe and Vicki: It's time to buy another RV. We know what type and size we want but are having trouble deciding what options, add-ons and accessories to get. Would you mind telling us which you would want on your next RV?
I had to pivot completely by cutting our print publication and redeveloping our online presence along with our media kit and editorial and sales systems. Our print business model did not have the growth potential that we could experience online. We’ve already proven that by moving online, we have surpassed our reach in print.
Last fall I decided to change up the decor in our bedroom. I found a beautiful quilt at Target & wanted a grey & white striped duvet to go with it. I searched the internet & stores but could not find what I was picturing in my head. My mother in law got me a sewing machine after Thanksgiving & I figured how hard could a duvet be to make - it's just a big rectangle.
There have been a number of negative reviews for Jessica Spotswood's Born Wicked. Some have said that the protagonist, Cate was self absorbed and they found her to be a little bit of a snob. There are others who thought that the tyrant government was a little unbelievable- that a small group of people with no magical capabilities would have so much authority did not ring true. Others found the novel refreshing, a great reprieve from the usual YA dystopians. I would have to agree with this later group. I really enjoyed Born Wicked and I wasn't sure that I was going to.
There's Still Life
onto you
Jeremy Glick, 31, Hewlett, N.J.
08. Long Tall Sally
-Les Rice
Towards the end of my circus career I had grown into a big and powerful ape. My human friends came to me with their problems and disputes as if I were a cross between Don Corleone and King Kong. One such incident occurred when we were performing in Essex. It was the summer, and the circus had hired a pair of school leavers on some kind of government training programme. These two lads, called Callum and Travis, were not the best bred examples of English youth, and had a habit of leering at the female acrobats. One of these young women complained to me about them:
* Warning: Some fictional strategies may have been employed in writing this post.
RODRIGUEZ: Is she sick?
by Alisa Damaso
West
* 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for buns
experienced less colic than babies fed with a conventional bottle.
Bad cess on patience. That's all I've got to say. Well, bad cess on patience and on the possibility of 2-6 inches of snow tonight, especially since just yesterday, I was bragging to a friend of mine in California about how mild a December this has been.
Weekend’s here, which means party
English National Ballet’s Dance Artist encouraged participants to feel their bodies being pulled simultaneously in different directions and to perform jumps with the heavy, pounding-into-the-floor feeling of the choreography. “The Rite of Spring is not pretty in any way – it’s angry and aggressive.” Ballet-trained participants struggled to master the tricky style but were kept thoroughly amused throughout class as they attempted to transform themselves into a sacrificial tribe.
Your family knows your weaknesses, your insecurities...they know where you might be more sensitive or fragile than say the other kid off the street.
Be like Jesus. Talk about Jesus.
{5} Time Balm Concealer - I have really dark under eye circles that I inherited and this is the best concealer I have found. I have been using it for over 5 years now. This little container will last me over a year.
it's educational
Fantasy is huge right now, particularly for young adult readers. I don’t have the numbers, but I am sure that every week dozens of new fantasy novels are released. Probably 90 to 95 percent of the novels are written by white authors about white characters. These books may have black and other “minority” secondary characters, or they may have none at all. (Side note: Those books always seemed kind of strange to me. I always wondered where these authors lived that the world that they saw only came in one shade. )
1 performing
I would recommend Rochefort in the evening, like a Scotch or port. It's not so heavy or sweet that it couldn't be enjoyed after a modest meal, but perhaps too much if you're stuffed. With its warmth and comforting notes, it's a great winter ale, and you would certainly not regret having it in place of a Wassail this December.
awake me in warm fragrances drifting in with natures music
My mother is serving up plates of her home-made rhubarb tart. I smell it and remember our garden and the rhubarb that she once grew. I remember her rolling the pastry and warming the oven. I recall the welcoming and homely smell as I threw down my school satchel and pulled off my tie.
There are certain levels though. Like when it comes to relationship or boy/girl troubles my friends are having I’m all ears and know exactly what to say. You start talking about real personal shit though or start asking me questions and I shut down.
My favorite book is always the one that is coming to life slowly in my sketches.
We have been allowed to grow up and develop our particularities, identifying ourselves in relation to the other. Now it must be time to identify each other as brothers, and reach for a shared existence.
Call the Sunset Hill House at 603-823-5522 and say you want the Stapleton Kearns July workshop Package. The inn will take a deposit of $119.00 to guarantee the reservation.
7) Continue to pan-fry the dumpling till the flour solution dries up. Carefully tilt the side of the dumplings to check if the bottom has turned golden brown.
“Well, tell me when you’ve finished then, as I have a English essay due,” she huffs half-heartedly. With Milly at her heels and an episode of ‘Take Me Out’ waiting on the telly, she’s not exactly devastated.
These are just the stories that make it to the headlines, but one of the first concepts I learned in Islam is that of loyalty, of
What I’ve liked:
of ricotta, Parmesan, provolone and goat cheese.
Watch and share the speech that could mark my imprisonment. Here is the Jewish supremacist Jewish Chronicle’s article spouting their same old hasbara.
I hope you've all had a fab weekend with some time to do something nice. We had our son Jamie and granddaughter Alexa for lunch yesterday which was definitely a happy few hours for us. Also over the weekend I got to download some photos we took last Sunday when all our family had a day out at the zoo so I thought I'd share a couple with you.
Merry Monday Challenge Week 15 Card:
Of course, the point here isn’t that we’re without explanatory stories until we choose one. Desires don’t work that way. We all have a base story. We have to live each day, we have to make decisions about what to eat, where to work, where to live, whether or not to marry, whether or not to have children, who to associate with, what to spend our money on, and so forth. Something informs the way we make each of those decisions. The question is “what?” And this is key: The failure to consciously decide what that formative story in our lives will be does not mean we have no story. It simply means that the story I live in will be whatever story is given to me by my family, friends, community and culture.
” Is sugar-coating dishonest to you?”
According to the Hollywood storyline of a team of misfits, there must be an underrated star, an ace that nobody saw coming. And Microsoft found its ace in 2007, when the company invested $240 million for a 1.6% stake of Facebook. At the time, no one — probably even Microsoft and Facebook — knew what to make of that move.
Guckkasten
Change is challenging. As a mother, I’m relentlessly assaulted with choice after choice about how to raise and educate my kids. I evaluate each choice. I read a lot. Already I’ve made many decisions (my oldest is currently nine). I frequently find that “the way things are” isn’t good enough and I make decisions that put me well outside the mainstream. This bothers some people (like my mother for example). I feel pressure from many different sources compelling me to conform, and sometimes I struggle to keep the faith. But ultimately when I evaluate the sum of what I know, intuit, and believe, I regain confidence in my decision to unschool my kids and myself. This is my journey.
But that's the only way to be
And where election speculation goes on for years, yet every election is in the end a furtively rushed “snap” election, as easily missed as an English summer when you go to the cinema on the wrong afternoon!
Pakistan told India that they plan to conduct a ‘long-range missile test in the Indian Ocean’ anytime over the next five days. It has asked the Indian civil aviation authorities to issue a NOTAM (notice to airmen) to warn commercial airlines and pilots to steer clear of the area, reported Deccan Chronicle.
it wouldn’t matter much,
Meanwhile, Japanese people are more likely to consider others when they make decisions.
Please check out what mom does on her weekends.....she goes to our local shelter and takes pictures of the dogs, cats, bunnies and others that need furever homes.... we think mom is super cool for caring about the animals that don't have a mommy or daddy!!
We didn’t do this in an irreverent way. We just thought it was fun because the haw flakes looked like the hosts for the mass. When I got older, I realized that this was really weird up until I watched Oprah, and she said she used to play mass too. Cool!
1/2 t dried oregano
Because of the misunderstanding and stigma surrounding gender identity, children are often horrifically bullied, even in their own families.
2. Leggings and tights are NOT pants. Just don’t. Neither are suitable pant replacements EVER. There is even a Facebook group you can join that’s just about that. A full out vent session about people who mistaken leggings for pants. Just don’t. EVER.
Every once in a while the San Francisco newspaper will do a feature on Webb Creek, Steep Ravine and the Dipsea Trail; and for a while thereafter the number of visitors to this gushing creek will swell--but usually I'm just about the only person there.
They could have caught him making a less odd face.
I ask my usual questions: Is she getting out? No, the world is such a mess. Is she watching too much TV? Yes, but not those reality shows because they don't deal in reality. And what of her daughter, Mimi?
Party Favors for your thanksgiving gathering. Easy enough to do: Use a knife to cut open the top, then scoop out the insides. Make the handle with a bendable vine or branch from outside. Pierce a tiny hole breaking the gourd skin and push in the vine to hold.Add candies,...
The Elephant is at the start of a Nietzschean journey, which may turn out better than he thinks. He first meets the Monkey – an avid reader of The Sun. The Monkey asks the Elephant what his thougt for the day is. The Elephant has two: “The cautious seldom err’ and “It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop’. (Confucius). The Elephant, being a pedant and a grammar nazi, corrects the Monkey’s English… and so the journey begins.
yet still my heart is held in thrall,
From the beginning of time we have been communicating … or at least trying to. Forget the men vs women issue; that’s an entirely separate blog! In its earliest forms, communication was in the form of cave drawings. As “technology” began to develop ancient civilizations began writing on parchment in the form of scrolls. Jumping ahead in time the telegraph came into being and then the telephone which in turn brought about facsimile (fax) machines. And let’s not forget about pagers and cell phones and certainly not the Citizens Band (CB) radios … “Breaker- Breaker good buddy”
When we had our first child and we dropped to one income it was a huge shock to the system. And then you always get 2 huge bills due around the same time and there goes all your pay. I decided to open a ING online account. I put some money in there from our baby bonus to be at least a month ahead. I went through all our bills for the year and entered into a spreadsheet. I had amounts for yearly, monthly and fortnightly. So for example car rego is $640 per year, fornightly cost is $24.62. So every fortnight a certain amount gets transferred to ING and this will cover all bills. When I get a bill now I don't worry where the money is coming from to pay for it. I hate having bills on the fridge so I have a clipboard where I put my unpaid bills. I put all the due dates in microsoft outlook with a reminder its as easy as that.
These Specially-Made Assignments have created havoc in the courts. In many
* Christopher and Amy Culbreath are the California State Champion Junior Twin Fiddlers. This is the second consecutive year they have won.
4. If you won $1 million, how would you spend the money? Id give half to my parents, they deserve it. Then Id take the rest and give a little to my sister, donate to charities, and then keep the rest for college and my future.
I would love it if you stood with us."
Kentucky beat Louisville (we also won the squares game with the 9 and 1 earning us $90). Then Kansas pulled of a victory against Ohio State…… WOOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO! My Jayhawks play Kentucky in the finals tonight, so excited. When I got home I immediately put on my KU basketball clothes and danced about celebrating. Jeff and I even had a celebratory shot of whiskey. I can’t believe they made it to the finals!
Anyway... I have a sneak peek for you today and I just love this stamp! It is the sheet music to the old hymn "It is Well with my Soul", to be released on Feb. 1 by Our Daily Bread designs. This hymn is one that has always been special to me. After my sister died... this was the hymn I wanted to sing... and I did, with tears running down my cheeks, yet I was telling God that it was well with my soul.... I knew she was in a better place and that God makes no mistakes! The story behind this old hymn is amazing!
EXODUS 18:21
sending this to the event -
EXTRAS: A
The water stretched itself
Instantly, Mr. Blevens' eyes watered up, and before he could catch it, a tear ran down his face. "We really..." he struggled, and his voice got all gravelly, and I felt my own tears come. "We appreciate this. And you."
I used acrylic paint on the box for color.
The story starts out showing a fight at the playground between two boys, Zachary and Ethan. Zachary hits Ethan with a stick and knocks out two of his teeth. Their parents decide to get together and resolve the problem between the boys. Ethan’s parents, Penelope (Jodie Foster) and Michael Longstreet (John C. Reilly) invite Zachary’s parents, Nancy (Kate Winslet) and Alan Cowan (Christoph Waltz) to their apartment to discuss what happened between their sons and the possible ways to mend their hostility towards each other. Everything goes smoothly at first, but cracks slowly begin to appear, with disagreement arising between the two parties and between each couple as well. The conversation begins to have no connection with what to do about the boys, but the many problems that each individual has towards their partners, their conflicting points of view, and their roles in society.
Why do we discriminate in our salutations? What is wrong with addressing Suranjit Sengupta as Janab? In India, all officials, irrespective of religion, are addressed formally as Sri. Why not do a Bangladeshi equivalent?
After you have finished melting your chocolate add in 1 tsp or 2 tsp of coconut oil (not mandatory, it's just my personal preference).
Treasury won its case on four of the five grounds in its application (1) that NAMA is a state company making decisions (2) that developers whose interests will be affected by a NAMA decision have a right to be heard before the decision is made (3) that NAMA had not treated Treasury in a fair manner (4) NAMA had not taken into account relevant considerations when making a decision affecting Treasury. NAMA will be pleased that the judge found that it had not acted in bad faith or for improper purposes. But because Treasury won on the other four points, there will now be a judicial review at Treasury’s behest.
“What’s that, daddy?”
(besides her obvious cuteness)
01 - I Believe
In 1975, I was a very skinny, very shy and very insecure 13 year old growing up in middle class Oshawa. My mom had remarried three years previous, so I now had a step-father who was a huge reader and encouraged me to read even more than I already had. Up to this point, I’d blown through all of the Robert A. Heinlein and Ray Bradbury and Arthur C. Clarke and Isaac Asimov I could find. I was also building an impressive stack of comic books as well.
Rely on Him, when all else is changing.
Four large olive trees laid out in a bosque fashion provides a knitted canopy of shade to sit beneath on a hot summer day. These trees were irrigated for the first year and are now no longer dependent on any irrigation.
I'd love Jayne Keeney to stumble upon Sherlock Holmes in an opium den in Hanoi--her on a visa run, him indulging in a drug he used in refined form to enhance his understanding of the world. If she could withstand his arrogance and mysogyny, she could learn enough from him to become a truly great detective.
Buy e-book: While I beg you not to pirate a free copy of the book, if you want to buy an e-copy, there are tons of ways to do it now. You can either read it on your e-reader or just download it to the computer and read it that way. Or even to your smart phone. This is probably the wave of the future of books, though I know not everyone likes it right now.
aka ABBIE IS VISITING ME!!!!
Garlic-why not just stick a head in the ground and see what happens?
Let me elaborate on the last point. My teacher gave us the following assignment
Step Two: Pick a visa service. I choose ZVS they have a center in San Fransisco.
The service was attentive and friendly, the restaurant was packed with groovy young things (ourselves not included) and the bill was reasonable. Perhaps the best part of the meal though is stepping out the door, onto the Pont Neuf, and taking a post-prandial stroll as you stare up river and drink in one of the most beautiful views in the world.
For now I would like to thank Mr. Conte for his comments, and would love to hear from USADA and/or WADA regarding their side of the Conte conversation.
– Thin Mint, Peanut Butter Crème, and Caramel & Coconut (or Samoa, as they are known in in some parts of the country). Cookies make up most of the bars, with layers like coconut caramel crème and crunchy crispies filling in the rest.
Find inspiration everywhere! Go... Create something fun & fabulous. Enjoy!
Trappist IPA (10%abv) is Staurt's first brew of the series. It seems like I've cleverly chosen it for that reason, but it was just a coincidence - I wanted to drink something strong, full-bodied and slightly oxymoronic, and this fitted the bill pretty much perfectly. The big, sweet maltiness has a classic Trappist character - it reminds me of Chimay Blue - but then also has a big wallop of bitter hops arriving late in the day. The fruity malt trundles along nicely, but then the hops show up after the swallow, giving the beer a big, spicy, chewy character. It's unique and unusual, which sounds like a contemptible cheery-beery-ism, polite shorthand for poorly thought-out and barely drinkable, but as I finished it, I wished I had another bottle.
There's always the beer, the scenery, the music, the castles, men in kilts, and of course great ideas for good books and fabulous book boyfriends! But my favorite thing? Definitely the scenery. There aren't many places you can go that look like this
the photos come from an interior design site freunde von freunden, publishing pictures of the houses of hip berliners. airy, clean, filled with light. very inspiring, I think.
Demigod, Super soldier,dazzling assassin, experienced marksman, armored genius, and the Hulk, rounded up by Samuel L Jackson, how huge was that? yup megaproject Marvel Studios akhirnya tayang juga, teaser awal yang dimulai dari The Incredible Hulk taun 2008 akhirnya siap tayang bulan ini, it’s action packed for you boys.
Another famous Kedahan, Tun Daim Zainuddin, has also warmed up to UMNO following some soured years during the Abdullah Badawi regime. The somewhat reclusive Daim has given strategic interviews to the Chinese vernacular papers in the last few months; many think he is trying to help soften the Chinese vote.
Half of the time when she was speaking, she was incoherent - I had an inkling that she had been drinking. Before I came out from the dining room, she picked up the empty wine bottle stood on the dining table and said to me, "Life is very comfortable at the bottom of this bottle!" I thought it was quite remarkable. Even Bette Davis couldn't possibly know how to say this line more convincingly than her. I had to hold my breath when I entered the kitchen because of the heaviness of the smell – the smell of old water in the flower vase or the dusty rose carpet left in the rain. There were stacks of dirty dishes in the kitchen sink.
in another day, i will stop saying what i believe in.
In addition to all the helpful life-saving homeschool helps, forms, planners, and calendars, the 2010 Schoolhouse Planner also has an abundance of household forms and planners as well. From menu planners to medical information forms, babysitting info sheets, cleaning checklists, chore charts, household and vehicle maintenance checklists, gardening planners and checklists, personal property inventory sheets for insurance purposes, and so much more. I simply can't tell you the wealth of information that is included in this planner. (But surely knowing that it's 614 pages long should give you some idea!)
I didn't buy really much yesterday, we only went to let our extensions be done. Really inexpensive! only 11'000 yen, Exte Ichiban! It's great, in Shibuya!
I imagine what it’d be like to have him, in our lives now, sober. I don’t know why, I don’t like to imagine things to be the way they’re really not. But sometimes I’m sentimental, or just desperate for a daddy to take all the hurt away with a hush. I fell in love once, and the man broke my heart after nine years. We have a daughter together. He continues to hurt me, and yet in it I also hurt myself by the feelings of rejection and abandonment again. But I sometimes pretend I had a dad now that would tell me how great and beautiful I was, and that I deserved to be treated with only love and respect. I pretend now that he tells me that, so that I can believe it myself. I believe I have a dad out there, who could guide me into love, and assure me that it’s there, that it exists, and that when you’re really loved, those that love you never, ever back out. Because love is stronger than that. That’s what he teaches me, now that he’s gone, leaning back into the alysum, pink and white petals falling, reflecting in his eyes, so quiet you can hear them softly caress his cheeks and his shoulders. He is smiling, his eyes are clear. He is with us, we are in the petals, kissing him.
During the seminar Lindel guided us (with the use of the manual and DVD) through many exercises and initiations designed to speed up our vibrations and activate our light body; so that we can embody more light and love, and understand that we are multi-dimensional beings with cells that communicate through the language of light.
Dairy-free Peppermint Mocha (also refined sugar-free)
Our Chapter member, David Heneghan, CPLP, elaborates more on the importance of onboarding new employees. We’d love to hear from you, either as a new employee or as a key partner in onboarding new employees, what your experience was and what worked (or didn’t work) for you. Feel free to comment or send us your thoughts.
So, let's see what my protag is like . . .
The morning after the night before (which is another blog altogether) we sneaked out of Dave's uncle's house (where we had sneaked in at 1am when everyone was in bed), leaving behind only an apologetic bottle of Vitesse Noir on the table as evidence that we had actually been there.
One thing is for sure: everyone is like that oak tree. The only difference is that we can replant ourselves regularly if we needed to. If that tree takes root in the forest, it will live its whole existence there while we can continue to move out into the open. We have a tremendous advantage, so why not dare using it? Move out into the open today and tomorrow will be too much rewarding.
The questions seem to be part of my excuses. I manage to feel derprived because I wasn't born skinny, don't have better genetics, don't love to workout and think way too much about my next meal. Even if it's just a sandwich, I'm looking ahead. Don't like to miss a meal my friends, not one bite.
Kids who want to use drugs will figure out a way to get around these tactics. Kids who aren't using drugs will feel like criminals if we treat them as such. Maybe your best bet is to drop your weapons, and approach your child in a peaceful way. If you want more than just random reassurance that your child is not on drugs, try taking the advice of another expert from the same article:
The day I dreaded with my mother, and sister turned out a lot better than expected. I even got my toes doe with out too much groaning. As for the shopping all I have to show are a pair of sunglasses that I got at Rainbows, which were 2 for $10. My sister picked out a pair for herself and I called it a day. Personally I do not want to buy any new clothes until I drop 10 or more pounds. I am not secure enough to wear much of anything that isn’t a big t-shirt and a pair of jeans. Hopefully that will change with time.
This is a work of pure fiction–any resemblance to persons or crickets living or dead is purely coincidental. I do not have, nor have ever had, the ovaries, stealthiness, or the master key needed to pull this off. I just thought about it once a LONG time ago.
We planted more spinach and more kale to supplement the spinach and kale we already have growing. And then we added 3 kinds of lettuces, collards, broccoli and beets. Yes, we really do love greens in our family. :)
1 soon
It was getting dark and colder. I knew it was time to go back to my nice hotel and get ready for a night on the town!
Afghanistan being the main subject of discussion, the military chiefs of NATO’s 28 member states, collectively the Military Committee, presumably met with the chiefs of defense staff of the 22 non-NATO nations supplying the alliance with troops for the war in Afghanistan.
So in talking about these two types of knowledge, we can turn to Christianity and American Christians and ask what sort of knowledge do many of us have about Christianity? Based on my own experience growing up in the church, the stories of many of my friends and the books I’ve read, I’d suggest that for many of us, our knowledge is of the former category. We know – and know quite well – that Jesus died on the cross for our sins and that if we believe in him we’ll have eternal life. We know the core facts – and it’s good that we do. But I wonder, do we see all of life the way that Jesus saw it? Or even the way the majority of Christians historically have seen it? Has it shaped us to such a fundamental, foundational level that it informs every aspect of our lives? Just to be clear: I’m not talking about some sort of higher knowledge acquired by the super-spiritual which makes them somehow superior to the junior varsity carnal Christians. Rather, I’m trying to say that a necessary part of Christian maturity is not simply that our behavior would conform more and more to the norms of the Gospel, but that our entire way of conceptualizing creation will be as well.
I mean yeah, it’s an online blog.
There are a lot of thinks I would have liked to see done different. The opening prologue/introduction with convoluted layers of narrative, is the clunkiest part of the film. It winds up having a flashback within a flashback/framing sequence. They could have gotten all those elements in, but streamlined it. Dialogue could always be a bit punchier in these sorts of things, and the mean of some terms could have been better conveyed to the uninitiated. While the costume design or the design for the Green Men aren't exactly what I would have wanted, they turn out okay, and are really just different choices. The design of the Martian cities, though, seems to be a bit of a misstep as it's rather plain and block, and exhibits no particular sense of wonder. Faithful woola hit the right notes, but the comedy doggishness of the character could have been dialed back from "11" to a "8-9."
Q001) If you were to self-analysis your personality?
Travis knows his beautiful world with love, Lessa, is about to change when an old seer comes to his door one peaceful morning, giving him a glimpse of another world in destruction, one seemingly too familiar to him. She tells him of a dream that could be real, but Travis wants to forget the encounter until he wakes into that dark world. Read more...
Scriptural Sundays - I will be posting a bible verse for the week here.
Opening Reception is Sunday, September 11, 2011 from 1:00-3:00p.m. Please come and meet the artists (I plan to be there) and enjoy yummy refreshments. Wear comfortable walking shoes to see my work. One painting hangs in the historic mansion and the other is in the Horticulture Center. Comfortable shoes will allow you to enjoy the stroll between the two buildings and the rest of the gardens, woods and grounds weather permitting.
We came up with several ideas.
Walt Disney is one of many inspirational stories from people who have achieved great things by following their dreams no matter what. Disney faced numerous rejections yet refused to listen to the negative people who said, “you can’t”. Thank you Walt Disney for believing in your dream and leaving us with a legacy that will last forever.
and she puts on something else,
The Public Interest
This film is exactly like the others in terms of humour, gross-out gags and male immaturity but I think that’s why people who loved the original films in the beginning will love this movie. If you didn’t like them then or you are new to the franchise, I don’t think you will like it as much or follow it completely.
Inflating the risks of something to scare a child out of doing it only works until he can see for himself that it is not as bad as we say. This might only make my child trust me less, and wonder what else I have been exaggerating about.
After the haircut (the aforementioned depilation), Moose was hungry and so took herself to lunch. She had tapas. And a glass of white wine. It was Friday. She had gone for a run. Tapas is the perfect way for Lifestyle Adjusters to dine well without having to declare PointsPlus bankruptcy. She had a shredded cod salad, because a friend whose judgment she trusts says that if cod is on the menu you should always order it. She was not disappointed.
***Do not forget to mention which category you wish your project to be considered when submitting your photos and project description!***
Evangeline attended Howard University and graduated from the College of New Rochelle School of New Resources in Brooklyn, NY. She later moved on to work at the school that her children attended. Evangeline also worked as a toll collector at Hudson River Crossings and was among the first group of women toll collectors, because only men were in tolls until 1956. She was also a paraprofessional at Paul Robeson High School (which was called Alexander Hamilton at the time) for a little while. She even worked at the World Trade Center when the 1st building was being built, as a guide for builders. She is a woman of many trades! Her story about almost getting hit by a streetcar on Albany Avenue made us all realize how many changes the area we go to school in has been through!
The government has blamed previous attacks on the Somali-based al-Shabaab, which formally merged with al-Qaida this year, but police said it was too early to say who was behind the blast at the church.
Anon! Let the work be the truth of the force that works.
The previous year I had joined Junior Achievement, which was supposed to teach kids about business. When I went back in the fall of 1967, I learned that one of the new sponsors was a radio station and the company’s likely ‘product’ would be a radio show, for which we would sell advertising. Since I already had an interest in radio and even had my license, I joined immediately and made no secret of my eagerness to do everything. I became president of the company, announcer on the radio program, and the show’s most successful advertising salesperson.
In the mean time click though and read on shoppable- interactive media and how to DIY...
It has been 27 years since the death of pianist/composer Thelonious Monk in 1982. He was never a fan of jazz-rock in the late ’60s and early ’70s, so I don’t think he would have found anything of interest in the smooth jazz movement that he’s missed since his passing.
On another note altogether. After my soccer game last night in Oregon City a few of us stopped in for a quick drink at the wonderful Highland Stillhouse. I had already been eagerly anticipating a draft Bellhaven Twisted Thistle so that is what I got, but the beer selection was fantastic - everything from Ninkasi's fresh hop beer to a great cask offering (which escapes me at the moment). But what really caught my eye was an extensive list of Brew Dog beers. I suspect, though I didn't ask, that these are from the bottle. And they don't come cheap: a glass of Brew Dog will set you back $12! Still, if you want to see if all the fuss is due to genius at self-promotion or to great beer, here is your chance. You can even enjoy you Brew Dog with haggis balls! Yum.
~ From “The Name Of The Rose” by Umberto Eco, as translated by William Weaver.
Rule Three: Just because my specific market doesn’t exist doesn’t make it unmarketable. It only means I will make it marketable.
Other mushroom extracts that have been shown to have clinical effectiveness
To the right you’ll find your classic PlayStation triangle, circle, square and X buttons, as well as a right analogue stick, right speaker, a 0.3MP front-facing camera and the Start and Select buttons you’re most likely very familiar with already.
I used the American Express code (because I am a cardholder) and the coupon code, booked it for Saturday to Saturday, 8am to 8am and my rate came out to $119 total with taxes and all. That’s a saving of about $50.
Enrage inner desires...
You do as your told. You head over to the itunes store because the vastness of your empty brain is equivalent to several airplane hangers. You pop open the application and then this happens…
“In America?” I asked.
What will this post be about? Well nothing, because, frankly, my life’s been pretty boring lately.
There are two ways to get to Gaspe: one, is by going around the coast. The second, and most popular route with Gaspesians, is going through the mountains, through Murdockville. Now, the latter is NOT my favorite way. It may be faster, but it's along high, winding roads, the shoulder washed out in places from the rain, and an extremely narrow shoulder at the best of places. Plus, if you do happen to have an accident and go off the side of the road, you have a nice 200 foot drop! Woo hoo! So, being kind to her daughter, my mother agreed to go by the coast.
Barked the greyhound to Shag.
Rnd 6) ch1, 2hdc in same st, 1hdc in next 4sts, * 2hdc in next st, 1hdc in next 4sts, repeat from * around
I mean, even the blueish hue to the scenes is blatantly lifted from Mann's movie. Except that in Heat, it fit the minimalist, loner characterization of De Niro's role and the bleak portrayal of a decadent Los Angeles, while the guys in Takers hit up a nightclub after their heist and hook up with chicks, smoke cigars and sip scotch like a scene out of Jersey Shore. The only thing missing was for DJ Pauly D to make a cameo appearance and start bumping some beats. All flash and absolutely no dash.
Looking back on February, it wasn’t very productive… it was a whole lot of busy-ness
28 rounds: 20 secs. rest/ 40 secs. max effort
“Share that delicious piece of cake,” he said to loud applause. “Don’t eat it all alone!”
08 No Rest
Peter was an aloof man known for being lazy and always putting things off. It earned him the nickname Procrastinating Pete. It was because of Procrastinating Pete that the launch of the Mayflower to the “New World” was delayed several times. He kept oversleeping and missing the scheduled launch.
She immediately realized what the two statements meant linked as they might be in my mind and her face turned old.
A licensor in a strong position may want to have a change of control provisions such as the following :
Let’s compare, as to historical significance, Wilson’s much-discussed Washingtonian Society of a century before A.A.’s founding. Society membership, said Wilson, “passed the hundred thousand mark,” but, said he, it lost sight of its goal of helping alcoholics. It became embroiled in Abolition and Temperance matters, quickly faded from the scene after only a few short years of activity, and had been long dead for a good many decades before A.A. was founded (See Wilson’s remarks quoted in Pass It On. NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1984, pp. 325, 354, 366-367; Twelve Steps And Twelve Traditions. NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1952, pp. 178-179). Furthermore, several perspicacious AAs were later to write that the real failure of the Washingtonian movement was its non-reliance on God and focus on temperance pledges.
But I must start with me, as selfish as that feels and sometimes sounds. I have to get rid of the thoughts that attack my mind and tell me that I'm no good, I'm too fat, I'm too ugly, I'm too much of this and not enough of that. Lately, that's all I've been thinking about. In reality, I know all of that is a lie. I know that I am good, I know that I have talents, my husband tells me that I'm pretty and he says he doesn't care about my extra lbs. I am a child of God. Nothing else should really matter in light of that.
Michael Dudikoff (Rescue Me)
“I’ll be at your house in ten minutes with the money.” The voice said urgently before hanging up.
“There was also a crackdown by the police, there were threats from Perkasa and Umno Youth, a court order forbidding a bunch of leaders from entering KL, news of planted parangs at SOGO and Pertama Complex (probably planted by you know who to scare away protestors), pre-arrests and raids on premises, and so on. This time there is none of those. Hishamuddin even said “Bersih is not a security threat”. What a change from last time.”
This spring, she asked me if we could paint her room,
This approach not only to religion, but all other aspects of one's life as well is very good advice to follow.
Mani Ratnam’s Tamil film Bombay, which was released along with a dubbed Hindi version in 1993, is a film with two distinct sections. The first is a rapturous romance between a Brahmin man and a Muslim woman. The second follows the couple as they move to Mumbai, raise a family and get trapped in the 1992-’93 communal riots. Bombay was shot by advertising filmmaker and cinematographer Rajiv Menon, who also worked on Ratnam’s Guru in 2007, in addition to directing two of his own films (Minsaru Kanavu and Kandukondain Kandukondain).
9-960 Kraft
Eliza Langhans sent a great line to begin with, from Amanda Filipacchi's novel Nude Men: "I am a man without many pleasures in life, a man whose few pleasures are small, but a man whose small pleasures are very important to him. One of them is eating. One reading. Another reading while eating."
IF I WAS ELECTED PRESIDENT, I would absolutely have NO speeches with a crowd of carefully staged faces behind me. I detest such staging. It annoys me and insults me. I know why those people are there and that they were picked. Others can engage in such balderdash, but not me. If I gave a speech as President, it would just be me speaking to my audience. No distractions. No gimmicks. Just my words.
Tam o'Shanter is the first expression created by Cutty Sark master blender Kirsteen Campbell and is a development of the Cutty Sark 25yo.
“What’s going on?” Chris pushed.
Back in ancient times, when my husband and I were dating, I remember making him pancakes one Saturday morning after we’d been naughty and spent the night together (sorry mom). I’m not a great cook now and back then I was pretty bad. I was not winning his heart through his stomach, but I did make some great pancakes. On occasion I added blueberries or chocolate chips, nothing too wild. I remember in 2007, after Matt came home from Europe he was raving about the banana and Nutella crepes he’d had in Paris. I was, how you say, inspired?! Et voila! Banana and chocolate chip pancakes were born into our lives.
The Third Camp & The USSR
A giant lumbers into view, answering the mystery of the cow. One mystery remains, however. How am I getting away from this alive? While I’m frozen still, debating what to do, the giant lazily passes me by. Oh. I’m not sure whether to feel relieved or insulted. For all the giant knew, I could have been a lean, green, giant-killing machine. I guess he’s smarter than he looks.
“When I returned to the car, my wife was gone. I thought she had run away.”
Shaun had told the audience prior that they had a new album coming out and that hopefully they would have it done in the next “two or so months though it might end up being released in January”. he also said that sometimes they get tired of playing the old songs so they thought they’d play us a new one. he said that he might end up fucking it up but then again if he did nobody would know because nobody else had prior heard it. still not sure if this was their first time playing it but the way he introduced it made it sound like that this was its debut. sorry the sound quality isnt the best but it can still be heard with simple volume adjusments.
Also the new Bath and Shower Gel formula features a nourishing vitamin pack, moisturizing jojoba, refreshing lather and thicker gel. There are many benefits with using jojoba in the shower gel. Jojoba helps with healing, moisturizing and anti aging. It is also a natural antioxidant that improved skin elasticity and is gentle enough for sensitive skin.
Oh, and there was a Royal Wedding too…
Under the terms of the proposed PROTECT IP legislation a US federal prosecutor who finds a foreign website that is “dedicated to infringing activities” can force all US internet service providers, domain name registries, domain name registrars and operators of domain name servers to block either the offending page or the whole web domain from the DNS
*Due to my bday celebrating and being hungover and bloated from beer, no photos were taken this week. My bad*
But really, she is so snazzy. When I was a senior in high school, I was still discovering my style. I was just getting into the whole vintage thing, and while people knew that it was the 'look' I was going for, there are certainly some outfits I look back on that make me cringe. Outfits that I was trying to be creative with thrift store finds, but really just probably made me look homeless.
Now story of baking. It's holiday for a week, time to entertain the children, especially my daughtern (6 y.o). She's a busy bee.. just like the mother.. so she needs to be kept occupied. This is then the result of our quality time, Banana Chocolate Waffles. Trust me, children love this soooo much!!!!
My shoulder is acting up. Again. Don't think I'm up to tackling the housework that needs done. It will just have to wait another day.
This evening I had my friend Jade over for a creative makeup session. Over the weekend I was working in Peaches and Cream for the first time in a while, and seeing all of the amazing makeup that the girls were creating really got me itching to do something colourful.
~ Rita Mae Brown
Me: I will NEVER have that problem! (Even though I am doing my morning workouts…I doubt the booty will change…I just know, and I am okay with it)
At least I hope so. If I’m still alive. You know, in case I have dropped dead randomly from all of the four-year-old attitude I get on a daily basis. Or the ‘Mummy, I don’t love you’ comments. OR (and this is my favorite) the full on, drop-to-the-floor- I’m-so-pissed-at-you-I-can-barely-speak-fits. Ya, those. You know those. Probably one is happening right now.
The Jakarta Post elaborates, pointing out that "objects recently found underneath cold lava," thus "requiring archeologists to use remote sensing equipment to find them," remain physically ambiguous when they cannot be directly excavated. Indeed, "the equipment cannot determine precisely whether rock is part of a temple construction or not." In some cases, then, it's a question of forensic interpretation.
2 entries.
Women and young, teenage girls who have probably read this novel about 20 times will probably love this movie to death because that’s the audience it’s mainly for. However, I am not that audience and that was the biggest problem here. Every single character in a Sparks novel are about as one-dimensional as a piece of paper but are still treated like as if they can do no wrong, with barely any flaws whatsoever.
Now it has little Sebastion,
Are now just part of one dream made.
Teoh, Selangor executive councillor Ean Yong Hian Wah’s political secretary, was not a suspect but had been questioned as a witness.
T: Yes, you are SO fart.
UK failing to address corruption—study
It was truly delicious.
This recipe is moist, delicious and just the right amount of spice. A lovely addition to your breakfast table or midday snack. These muffins taste even better warm from the oven because the chocolate chips are melted, but they are good at any temperature :)
Brandon Marshall Scores 4 TDs AFC Takes Pro Bowl: Brandon Marshall caught six passes for 176 yards and a Pro Bowl-record four touchdowns and the AFC used a second-half surge to beat the NFC, 59-41, today.
The whole country witnessed the hate filled scum that gate crashed the soldiers homecoming! Two of there regiment died in iraq and they should of met a heroes welcome when returning to there home town.
Number One was this one:
1/6 - onions (Draw onions on any 1 of the 6 yellow slices)
Two of my five kids have food allergies to items like dairy, eggs, and nuts. It has been a 17 year mission for me to make sure that there day to day lives did not feel any more restricted than any other child. I wanted them to be able to eat the same foods as the rest of us, or better.
Then leave me a comment and let me know what you did :)
I worked my ass off and had a really good time at the job. I had high hopes that maybe I’d be able to get full-time employment there when I graduated. Sadly, a new governor brought massive budget cuts and my dreams were quickly dashed as the small Film Office shrunk even further. I did however make connection with a group of people who called themselves the Virginia Screenwriters Forum, a group of amateur and semi-professional writers who were serious about breaking into the business of screenwriting.
About a dozen or so chairs faced each other in a circle that filled most of the room.
My sister is the proud owner of Winnie, another one of Barby's adorable mice. Barby's critters always bring giggles and "oohs" by all who see them ... I swear they just look like they can talk!
The patch of land in question is larger than I remembered, with more rubble and mess. But it’s also sunnier:
like a thought that forms
and the lyrics.. *nyomot*
Here is an article describing what's coming from the Mail Online:
Catalog#: HLL 101-25
We arrived at Church, sat down and waited for the service to start. People were talking and walking to their seats and Kim was looking over his shoulder and so I eyed the same direction and saw his friend gesturing up until he sees me looking at him and then he froze. I was thinking okay…these guys are up to something but church started and nothing special was happening except for Kim who kept on looking at his phone and what it seemed like trying to hide the screen from me. I was thinking how rude, almost reading to give him a serious poke or pinch in the arm. He had just received a BlackBerry for his birthday you see and he was having a hard time letting putting it away, but common, in Church? I started to get really annoyed with him but I couldn’t really make a scene in Church could I? So, I tried to ignore him as much as possible.
The death toll from flash floods and mudslides in Rio de Janeiro’s picturesque Serrana region reached 702 on Tuesday, a number that is likely to rise further in one of Brazil’s worst natural disasters on record.
I had probably passed by her a hundred times before today. She worked just down the street and I definately passed there everday coming in or on my way home
We can't wait to see your creations and do look out for the newly ShowCASed cards in the slideshow very soon.
The boys are getting used to this routine and it is especially good
I know it looks dead, and I'm hoping it is; but I'm pretty sure it's just dormant. When we cleared the space where we usually park the RV, there were hundreds of the little white root things that propagate the menace.
Craft buttons
Also here is a little peek at some embroidery I have been doing too..... I am using our new Cosmo floss that is just a dream to work with, if you haven't tried it you must, you truely will feel the differance in the first couple stitches....it's like silk but 100% cotton and color fast so no worries!
My sister in law Nadine is getting married in London this summer and she’s asked me to make the wedding cake. For 180 people. I’m not a baker by profession. But I do love to cook, and I like a challenge.
I fokken know. I mean, really? WHAT IN THE NAME OF PLATONICALLY FROLICKING UNICORNS WOULD GIVE ANYONE THIS IDEA?!?! See, right there, I just had to scream because it was sort of warranted. the whole thing's just that utterly confounding to me. Utterly.
"I've lost my uncle. My father was also beaten by Zanu-PF. I am praying to God: please God deal with Zanu-PF ruthlessly."
Why should anyone get to this point? I passionately believe that through this festival, “Breakin’ Out”, lives can be impacted. If someone had reached out to me at any of those trigger points – struggling in school, the bullying, starting smoking, etc. I genuinely believe my life would not have gone to the extreme it did, with all the governments money wasted on me and the pain and hurt I caused.
Led Zeppelin: Whole Lotta Love
In The Taste of Others (2000), a businessman falls in love with an actress, but they find it hard to adapt to each other’s milieux. Look at Me (2004) was about how power and success corrupt not only an individual, but his entourage.
and don't forget to take your winner's banner from the side bar.
Isn't this cute little bear from Dustin Pike so adorable. To me he is day dreaming of a Dear Sweet Friend! So I had to add him to a card and share those thoughts with a friend too!
you don’t want to look that way
CAC cart- pg. 52 Sun 3"
400g fresh strawberries
The powerful tool was built to fire 4-inch nails at 120 pounds per square inch (8.4 kg per square cm), said hospital spokeswoman Lori Shaffer.
I’ve managed to keep it together for this long by being stringent about what forum I use for what but it’s getting harder and harder to stick to these ‘rules’ because there really aren’t any.
Now, I need to establish something here: I am not gay. I am a straight female who loves men. Although I am married, which means I no longer touch any man other than my husband, I am not dead, and the eyes in my head work perfectly well for my purposes. I look.
Drink good beer instead. Make sure the beer has 'MO' soemwhere within in and pledge to donate the value of those beers to a Men's Health charity like Beyond Blue or Prostate Cancer Foundation or directly to a mate who is doing the real Movember.
Those were expensive lessons to learn, but it least it was just my disorganization that was exposed and nothing else!
it's a religious statement.
Here is our "Home"
Mostly, though, the main disadvantage of first person is that everyone is doing it. Thanks to the success of a number of books using the technique, demand for first person narratives has never been higher. Which means, of course, that if you want to succeed at writing a book in first person you better be damn good at it because you’ve got a lot of competition.
I found a great site, POIfriend.com that houses a collection of user generated Point’s Of Interest (POI’s) and set out finding something to get the locations of Food Networks Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives, one of my favorite shows btw, onto my new toy. There is a great set maintained by arount and I’m happy to say I loaded it as soon as I saw it. The site makes POI’s available for a number of manufacturer’s GPS units so Garmin and TomTom users can both use the site, which is a plus.
Your mouth is a faucet. It is constant drool. Where are those teeth???? You've been goofy lately. Not wanting to nap (you're giving me a definite run for my money my dear). You were such a napper, I'd feel guilty how much your were sleeping in your crib each day. Oh what I would give to have that back!!! I'm hoping it's just a phase. You're so tired you can hardly keep your eyes open but you fight it so bad. It's killin' me! You're not loving your baby food either, not at ALL. You were all over that stuff before but not the past week. I've given up for a few days. All you want is to play with your spoon.
. . . he gets hit by a car.
“‘I could tell you my adventures — beginning from this morning,’ said Alice a little timidly: ‘but it’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.’
18. Kenny Vance - Parker's Band
Jacob was jailed for 18 months after beating up a stranger during a night out in 1999. He admitted grievous bodily harm when he appeared at Mold Crown Court following the incident in Handforth, near Wilmslow. He served 8 months.
In a large bowl, combine the yeast and water. Let stand 5 minutes. Then add the sugar, butter, salt, dry milk, 2 cups flour and egg. Beat together until very smooth. Add remaining flour gradually (I usually do 1/2 cup at a time) until a soft but not sticky dough is formed that you can work with. Knead the dough for at least five minutes if using an electric mixer and for at least 10 minutes if mixing the dough by hand. When the dough is smooth, place it in a lightly greased large bowl covered with greased plastic wrap and let it rise until doubled.
So divorce . . . I think it’s important to stress first that the term ‘divorce’ can refer to a couple of different situations. The most important point to consider in terms of legal history are 1.) who is allowed to request the divorce and 2.) what grounds, if any, are required for divorce to be considered.
Gloria is a rich, society girl engaged to be married to a proper, rich gentleman.
Women and Student Shorts Wanted Now.
1 floating
Look it up and remind:
And specific to the South African scenario – HIV infection. Adjacent to the highway, a billboard of LoveLife, the HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, reads ‘Famous Last Words: We Were Drunk – Use a Condom.” My 9 year old daughter was able to pick apart the flawed logic. “What’s a condom?” she asked. Then, after an explanation (more premature than I would have preferred, I might add), “oh, I thought it was something that prevents you from getting drunk”.
After being a bit worried about finding not one but 2 graduation dresses that I would also be able to wear to other events, I am SO SO SO happy mama and I found everything today (and got some awesome sales). Can it please be graduabirthday already so I can rock these pretty dresses?
If the Tories do badly tomorrow night then the first ones they will blame will be us in UKIP – it’s always our fault when they lose elections. They won’t blame the other parties standing against them, but for some strange reason they seem to think that UKIP should not oppose them, I don’t know why as we are not the same. They belong to a pro-EU party that has lost its way; we in UKIP are in an anti-EU party that is very focussed, we are not an extension of the Conservative Party, the Labour Party nor any other political party, we are UKIP and are now set on making our mark on British politics, although we will try not to mark the sports all floor.
The Argentine prime minister has declared that any oil/minerals extracted from The Falkland Island territories will be legally challenged.
Representative Jeb Hensarling, Republican of Texas, pressed the idea that the deficit and government spending need to come down to help create jobs and bolster the economy. “If we’re going to avoid any type of default and downgrade — if we’re going to resume job creation in America _ the president and his allies need to listen to the people and work with Republicans to cut up the credit cards once and for all,” Mr. Hensarling said.
Since we were celebrating our 4th anniversary late, they made us this special plate for the occasion.
Here is MORE about the effects of blue dye on critically ill patient (leading to death) and an image of a blue colon (be forewarned the photo is graphic).
The Royal Lancers worked with several vocalists over the years. The core members were vocalist Paul Stefan (Stefaniak), Doug Tank on lead guitar, John Pavlik on rhythm guitar, Roy Malvitz on bass, Hal Block on sax, and Lee Breest on drums.
DH sanded them down and primed and painted them for me. He also helped hang the track
I wrote about this trend for The New York Times last year — after two publications did their level best to screw me out of almost $7,000 I’d earned. One owed me $5,600 and sent me emails telling me of their financial troubles. Like I care. If I can run my business efficiently, so can you. I found a contingency lawyer, sued and won half (the lawyer, sad to say, took a third of that.) I hired another lawyer — a softball buddy who helped out for two bottles of Stoli — whose letter to the other deadbeat produced payment within two days of his letter, after months of nyah-nyahing and stonewalling.
“Hey, check this out,” the 14-year veteran of the Columbus Narcotics Bureau added as he leafed through the former couple’s financial paperwork. “It’s a Varsity Club receipt signed by Kirk Herbstreit! How cool is that?”
In any event, the Congo was a big deal for Belgium, an also-ran among what Randy Newman parodies as the Great Nations of Europe. For the schizoid Walloons and Flemish, the Congo (their sole colony) was a font of riches (rubber, copper, diamonds, cobalt) and national puffery--a chip at the table of Europe for a nation made-to-order as a corridor for the French and German armies.
I’m not big on place. That doesn’t mean I’ve never been to places. I have. Loads. And what I learned from going to all those different places is that none of them is that different. I’m sure I inherited that attitude from my father who never wanted to go anywhere. He used to say, and I never argued with him, that “contentment is being happy with whatever you had at any given point in time.” He never said, “…and space,” but that was implied.
I felt pain on behalf of both Myracle and Billingsley when I read this story - goodness knows how bad they must feel. Thing is, you don't write books with awards in mind (well, I suppose some people may, but I don't and nor do most writers.) If and when the call comes that your book has been honoured, it's incredibly special. It's a lovely surprise, a bonus, a joy - but also a stressful experience, as you're suddenly part of a competition you hadn't expected.
Suffice it to say that the following should just about tell you everything you need to know... Poo, wee, vomit, bogies, blocked lavatories, huge pants and not a great deal of sex.
Jaggery ¾ cup
5. Be a better person today than I was yesterday.
It matters on another level as well. Girls have to have confidence in their decisions and, importantly, have the knowledge and confidence to say no. As a gender, females are stereotyped into being docile and acquiescent and people-pleasers. It's important that we teach our daughters not only how to say no, but let them. Let them say no and assert their independence on important things. If we tell them to say no, but don't let them, are they going to be able to say no when someone is treating them or someone else badly or unfairly? We need to teach them to stand for themselves and that their opinions and desires matter.
Ford – Full Of Rotten Defects, Found On Rubbish Dump, spelt backwards = Driver Returns On Foot
I also decided I am going to start getting an ornament from everywhere we go on vacation. I need to find a cute eiffel tower ornament from when we went to Paris and something from when we went to Mexico. Those are the only big vacations Emery and I have been on together. I think traditions are so fun and really create good memories that your children will always remember.
But anyway, when did this happen? When did plugging in your phone begin falling under the “rude” heading? I would understand if I was attempting to set up an entire workstation–plugging in a laptop, phone, external hard-drive, and coffee-maker–but a phone? If you’re using the services of this building, and not just loitering, I tend to liken plugging in your phone to using their restroom, staying in their lobby a few minutes longer to wait for your ride when it’s raining, drinking coffee in a covered container while you wait, or throwing your gum wrapper or coffee cup in their trash.
I almost totally forgot to post this amazing recipe! So, protein shakes make me wanna vomit…therefore I decided to see if putting it into some “baked goods” would help to disguise the taste. It most certainly did. I LOVE these muffins! They are extremely healthy for you (minus the brown sugar). So try this recipe if you want to incorporate more protein into your eating schedule…..you won’t be disappointed.
"Well, if it isn't Will Riker!"
Here's the rundown:
Overstuffed and unbalanced
‘Yes! Exactly!…’
Real ale is about to burst onto our screens in a big way.
Today’s feast is grated Broccoli and Carrot.
In the past, I’ve been known to blog about manuscripts as I’ve been writing them. If you’re a regular subscriber, you’ll know that I’ve been keeping my current project more or less under wraps.
I can't believe how many friends I've made since starting this blog and how much I've learned and been inspired by all you crafty friends of mine!
He made it.
God was in the water that day
MonStars on Broadway (Illuminate!, South FL)
If you've been around this blog for a while, you'll notice that my reviews in the past months were of significantly used or emptied products. I've been growing a liking to writing about products only when I'm about to finish them.
Our waitress also gave us a bowl of rice and beans out of confusion, but who are we to deny a challenge? I took that opportunity to try their two sauces: a hot and spicy chipotle sauce and a puréed cold vegetable sauce. The red sauce was smoky and had a really good heat behind it–definitely not subtle. The green (vegetable) sauce was chunky, but not too thick, and had lots of fresh flavor playing off the cilantro. Kristien went wild with these sauces in her dish (which she absolutely loved): the Typico Breakfast. In Costa Rica, they call this Tico Pinto. As she dug her way through the eggs, over easy, beans and rice, and plantains we talked about how much we missed being in Costa Rica and how much we loved the food. Valencia, though, took us back.
I was a waitress at an Applebee’s for a few years in college. Whenever I got stuck with a lunch shift it was always the same story: Moms with young kids would come in and I couldn’t keep the Diet Coke flowing fast enough. They would say to me or to their other mom friends, “I’m trying to be good – I’ll just have the Oriental Chicken Salad!” Full size, fried chicken, and more than half of them with extra dressing on the side. Now I’m not saying the Oriental Chicken Salad doesn’t taste good (it does!), but at 1380 calories before the extra dressing, eating it is in no way “being good.”
Family Law
whose depth is without a floor,
My current thinking on US intelligence agent Lee Harvey Oswald is that he was indeed involved in the JFK assassination, but he was a patsy who shot NO ONE that day, neither John Kennedy nor Officer J.D. Tippit. Both murders were complete frame jobs. Oswald was a fake defector to Russia and his behavior in New Orleans 1963 was all about Oswald’s sheep dipping as he passed out pro-Castro flyers and pretended to be a “pro-Castro Marxist.” Meanwhile Oswald was working in concert in New Orleans with folks like David Ferrie and Guy Bannister whose politics were the equivalent of a 1960’s Strom Thurmond or Jesse Helms. Oswald’s fake public persona as a “pro-Casto Marxist” meant that he was an ideal pick as a patsy and his likely knowledge of and/or participation in the JFK Assassination meant that he had to be murdered quickly. The folks who killed Oswald wanted a “dead Red” not a “talking head.” The JFK assassination was a deception provocation intended to facilitate a US military invasion of Cuba. It was that bad and ugly. A US invasion of Cuba might have provoked a broader war with Russia and from the point of view of some like Air Force General Curtis LeMay that was fine because, astoundingly, he wanted to wage and “win” a nuclear WWIII. Curtis LeMay hated Kennedy so much that a child could have recruited him into a plot to kill Kennedy. LeMay told Kennedy during the Cuban Missile Crisis that he was an appeaser equivalent to Neville Chamberlain for not bombing Cuba.
I can't wait to see the entries for this challenge, as I absolutely love cats (I have four of my own!), and hope you enjoy making yours as much as I did mine! Good luck!
Set in Cathays, the heart of student land, the Pen & Wig is the Cardiff CAMRA Pub of the Year 2010. This busy Mitchells and Butlers pub is housed in a Victorian three-storey building and features a choice of drinking areas, with wooden floors in one section and flagstones in another. At the front of the pub is a large Victorian window and an equally large old Bass brewery mirror is set to one side. Converted to a pub in 1994, the Pen & Wig manages to have an atmosphere about it that is often lacking in other pub company-owned pubs. To the rear is an outdoor drinking area, which in the summer months is a perfect sun trap. Throughout the year it is popular with smokers. The Pen and Wig still retains some of the original Victorian layout of the building, with dividing walls and doorways.
1166 **D-IV/29/1993. “T. S. Eliot’s Thomas Becket.” Barat College, Lake Forest, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 138-49.)
To mostly be where you are.
In another instance, a company owned by a senior official in the Department of Education won a tender worth R30-million through a subsidiary in which he held shares. The auditor-general found the official had sought to deceive the department by only declaring his interest in the holding company and not in the subsidiary.
14 The Flow (beginning cut)
To borrow someone else's turn of phrase "U-turn if you want to" Peter Robinson, Ulster Unionists are not for turning.
At any rate, this is my farewell post. Thanks for keeping up with the chaos that was my classroom. Best wishes to you all!
Welcome back to Sweet Saturday Samples! Here's a bit I wrote last week showing some interaction between Rod Owen and his former neighbor from Virginia, Edward Morgan.
But all of that is for future Josh and his future readers to worry about.
The OHIM have been keeping up too. TMView is celebrating its first anniversary and although not yet comprehensive it is the best way to search for free across multiple country databases. French data is promised soon and we would like see German data so that there is a good prospect of spotting most of the big issues with a prospective new mark in one operation. You won't be able to clear a mark with this alone but you can certainly eliminate some items off a list.
Then Lumpy got in on the action, grabbed a handful, and shoved it straight in his mouth.
And us
I was thrilled when this task came up - a chance for me to give a little back. :)
They just assume I know.
We all know that more jobs plus consumer confidence will positively impact the housing market recovery. With more jobs we see new buyers (i.e. renters realizing the benefits of home ownership) and job relocations; as well as homeowners wanting to upgrade to accommodate a growing family. Even people leaving the labor force (retirees) is another source of housing activity as these individuals choose to downsize and/or move to other locations.
CHRIS VERENE: I'm very close with my family, pictured and not pictured. As an only child, I clung to my cousins like siblings, and we still are very connected. I do not work as an 'observer,' that is your job as the audience. I am relating the stories from their source, our family, town, and neighbors out to the world at large. I think that the act of photographing makes me close with only the people who really enjoy the photography-- the people who time and again ask for pictures, and compel me to tell those stories.
Did you catch my impromptu Sunday post? I blogged about my hodge:podge interview, Ikea Hacker feature and joining the world of Pinterest (to which I've already lost many hours) - tell me if you're on Pinterest so I can start following you. I'm pretty lonely on Pinterest right now.
#61. snuggling under the covers
The following morning, feeling slighty groggy, Sergio and I got up and met Corstan for breakfast before heading over to the Miami Beach International Hostel to meet Nik and Ingrid, who had made reservations to pick up a car. It only occurred to me on our way back to Miami from Key West that it was in fact Friday the 13th. I’m not superstitious but we had a pretty hefty share of bad luck before we managed to pick up the car.
2 ¼ cups (315 g) flour
What else has been going on this week? The kids have finished school for the calendar year.
Should my stories ever be published, you can count on my hero and heroine trying to surmount evil. Even if it seems impossible, they will survive, become better people, and within their abilities, do good in their world. I try to do the same. And if there is a God, perhaps that will be enough.
Well! I stumbled across this website completely by accident. According to this site, there are apparently Sinhala “digits”. Uh… who knew.
The number would be seventy-five percent.
At least last night was my last injection of blood thinners so I will no longer have to do that every night. I have a couple of bruises from those injections. It will also be nice to finally wash my leg that was operated on and have a somewhat normal shower. Even though I have to sit on a chair and use the shower hose and stick my leg outside the shower curtain as I can't bend that knee and it doesnt fit inside the shower space.
Again it’s frightening to see how willingly the Left in Norway associate themselves with organizations that engage in terrorist activities. Notice also the casual reference made by Mr. Akselsen regarding the PLO charter that dictates the destruction of the state of Israel. Just the mention of this charter should sound some serious alarm bells with these politicians. It’s a declaration to commit genocide. Individuals such as Mr. Al-Abadsa should be shunned and certainly not be dignified with a visit to the Norwegian Parliament.
But life decided to change my plans,
I guess I will start by telling you guys that are soon to follow me a few things about me.
- Frank Miller
Instead she just went into the hall and sprawled out on the floor not helping the widespread rumors that she is a stage five clinger. She just needs to drug her parents and move to California. It’s actually just like the movie Son-In-Law. Holy shit, Pauly Shore reference.
other peoples across borders.
Step 2: I sanded all the 1s and 6s for 16, ya know. Glued that onto the brown base.
This contest is the equivalent of two armies using incompetent battle strategies on behalf of two opposing causes that are equally unjust. The only two certainties are that everyone will lose, and the collateral damage will be terrible. As a neutral – still borrowing cheaply and not in the eurozone – Britain has by far the most to lose. This is because – outside ClubMed – we have the weakest, most irrationally biased economic structure in the developed West; and because our banking institutions remain the owners of a great deal of undeclared toxic debt. The resultant anarchy of scorched earth would leave us in the most awful pickle.
Or catch'd wi warlocks i' the mirk (Dark),
According to Amherst police logs (12:38 AM, early Sunday morning):
Thanks, guys, for going easy on the rookie.
It didn’t really bother me. I was no less safe alone with him in his apartment than I would be alone with him in an office.
Tottenham Hotspur are just outside the top 10 in 11th place, with Manchester City up to 13th in the list.
Heat the olive oil over medium heat and add the onion, bay leaf, thyme, and sugar. Lower the heat to low, cover and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the vinegar, season with salt and pepper and continue to cook for another 10 minutes, uncovered. Remove from heat, discard the bay leaf and thyme and set aside.
Aunt Alice greeted us sweetly, her blue eyes even more vivid than the last time. After catching up on family news, I brought out the annual. "Aunt Alice," I explained, " I have this annual from when you were in college and on the yearbook staff."
It’s very rare that a situation would arise where a vendor wouldn’t show up on your wedding day.
When the funds are low and the debts are high
...have taken a liking to photography. I shoot Nikon but may get a Canon Mark II. We'll see.
I picked up my shovel and I walked to the mine
Thanks for the advice on Nora’s clogged tear ducts! The breastmilk seemed to do a great job at keeping the crusties away! We did get a prescription for some eye medicine too. Hopefully it will be minimal tomorrow — or gone!!
All would be equal and everything would be read. No opinions on quality would be arrived at outside of the media itself. Of course, if an editor happened to be biased, well, that would throw a spanner in the works somewhat. Perhaps I will leave the FXI to sort out that conundrum.
Remove the steaks from the marinade and sprinkle the salt and pepper evenly over both sides.
“AT LAST!” roared the elderly watchman, whirling his cape (purely out of habit – not for any theatrical reason). “You finally realise my intentions – and far too late.” In a flash he had bent down, scooped up hedgehog Kevin into a musty shoebox, and developed a sequel to the Macarena even more catchy than the original routine. “Far too late to save yourselves! HAHAHAHAHA!!” He bent backwards to release an awful laugh (no really, it was so bad) before clutching his lower spine and cringing with pain. “Ah! The lumbago…” he winced.
have i really not seen all of the lord of the rings?
Three-quarters of current NATO members states supplied troops for the Iraq war, all except for Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Luxembourg and Turkey, which in most instances compensated by increasing their troop commitments to NATO in Afghanistan. Over a dozen NATO partnership program nations also sent troops to Iraq.
Instead of treating the white race as if it were neutral, Tarantino puts the black man in charge to bring the existence of the white identity into plain view. Thus, African Americans would benefit from this representation in the text, as the film places the black man in charge over the white man, and consequently shatters assumptions that Anglo Americans are superior.
Hit the beach
There was a good article in this weekend’s Parade magazine. They interviewed 3 well known chefs and asked them how they manage to keep themselves slim even though they are constantly around delicious foods.
"Are you sure, Mom?"
But here's the real kicker. Mr. Irani can certainly survive quite well on that salary. He might have to make some conservative adjustments here and there. He might have to save up for 7 or 8 years before he can afford to buy his yacht. I have no idea what his living arrangements are but it might be rough if he wants a 10,000 square foot home in Los Angeles, even in Compton (if there is such a thing as a home that large in Compton). Maybe he'd have to settle for 4,000 square feet. Hey, life's tough and we have to manage it.
How the contest will run:
My book will be taking the original volume as a starting-point, cutting parts of it away, updating some of it, and writing probably about eighty thousand new words. It's a big job. The daunting part, however, isn't the scale (I've done many reference books before), but the scope. Because it's not just about English children's books, but should have good coverage of other English-language work. Oh, and a bit about everything else, too. At least five hundred brand new entries - a teen novelist from Australia, a popular picture-book character from the US, an entry on folk tales from Greece, on Manga, on the Charlie and Lola TV animation, on children's publishing in Mexico, writing for young adults about sexuality, picture-book apps for the iPhone, Anthea Bell and Lemony Snicket, along with armoured bears and daemons and Dust. Books from Austria and Israel and Turkey and India.
2 cups (10 oz) all-purpose flour
You are sympathetic and kind. You have a soft spot in your heart for everyone.
For a lot of the workout, I was thinking about that postcard. It’s promoting the American Lung Association’s Distance Swim Challenge in August – an open water swimming event in the Pacific Ocean. I’ve never swum for exercise in the ocean (I’ve only frolicked and gallivanted) and the idea is very intriguing. The ALA sponsored the skyscraper stair climb I completed a few weeks ago, and their events are well-organized and well-run, so that part doesn’t concern me. It’s the actual swimming.
What I miss: Being able to shave *ahem* down below without having to do some pretty amazing shower acrobatics. I have a feeling it's going to be all by "feel" from her on out... yikes!
Normally, visual art is by definition not accessible to the sight-impaired. For this project, the artists began by ‘envisioning’ through the ears and hands of a sight-impaired person. Noticing the similarity between the embossed dots of Braille signage and those embossed on a music box cylinder, they created a union of these two seemingly unrelated items in their artwork. The works feature a modified music box which plays Braille letters placed on a music staff to create notes. When the music box within the art is moved, visitors experience unique music.
Differences of taste aside, it was helpful to hear the architects' vision for the market area. It will be interesting to see whether the hoped-for developments in usage occur, and how well the new granite and painted tarmac age. At the moment, the square remains a rather empty place and it may require further effort from the Council to change that. More positively, the number of market stalls has apparently increased since the changes so there are grounds for optimism.
Her new single Falling Down features guest vocals from Khalaeliah who offers a nice balance ontop of Bratt’s flow. This track is full of emotion which is depicted well through the music video.
3) Sensicare lotion. My hands always stay so dry during the winter. Probably because I work in a medical clinic. You know who goes to medical clinics? Sick people! So I am constantly washing my hands or, worse, using that horrible alcohol hand sanitizer. My hands were cracked to the point of bleeding last night when Shawn said one of the nurses that he works with suggested using this stuff. After a dose last night and another this morning, I'm happy to report that my hands are as smooth as a baby's behind. Will definitely be keeping this stuff around the house.
Hops added on 07-19-2008
The paper I have no idea were it came from but it went well with the photos. The Kasiercraft letters I inked, then embossed with Opals embossing enamels. It still needed something so I drawed from flowers in pink on them.
The film Sideways, about the two American guys on a disastrous stag weekend in the Californian vineyards, made me laugh heartily, alone in the cinema. I have to say your blog, Madame, and especially some of the comments, make me laugh out loud on occasion.
Just before I wrote this, I asked myself how anyone could believe in personal freedom and not let those who feel they have been wronged to form their own nation; especially when they respected law enough to follow due process as it was understood prior to 1865.
Made the flowers using a small tool from Clover, Hana-Ami flower loom.
About 12million Ilegal immigrants live in the Us from all over the world. 104 million people live in extreme poverty in Mexico, since th US is their neigbors they go there to get a better life. Actually during the Bush admiinistration the US gained 3 million more ilegal immigrants aproximately. The Us not only has ilegal mexicans, there are a great number of people from centran and south america and the caribean living in the US. There are chinese people, arabs people from all over the world live ilegaly in the US.
And just because I'm having a slight panic attack right this second about that fact...
feasting my eyes on more glimpses of her (come to think of it, that sounds
Sometimes I plan what I want to achieve before I even start the creation process. I might have a theme in mind, an idea that has been buzzing around in my head, or I may have an item, treasured trinket or photograph that is inspiring me to get to work. Once I have a rough idea of what I want the piece to be about I usually start to gather together the elements that I feel might work. Once I have all of these things in place, I start. However for this particular piece things didn't work like this at all. I had been having trouble getting the ideas from my head into action and I was getting frustrated at not being able to make some sort of sense of my thoughts, thus resulting in a creativity blockage. After a few feeble attempts at trying to get something started and having no luck, the solution to my creativity blockage was...
1. Peel and cut all the fruits into small pieces.
I already read & reviewed Spell Bound HERE, and I just finished reading Belles which was honestly such a sweet book! (Think Gossip Girl, with a touch of The Last Song minus the tears, and tons of adorableness!) And I adore the Songs of Magic series so I was really happy to find a copy of Fairystruck in my mailbox too! A huge thanks to Hachette Book Group Canada and J.L. Bryan for sending these to me! :)
From outside commands are called and echoed by the new recruits,
So my husband and I were having a bit of a tiff. Well, he was upset with me for something, and I was upset with him for being upset with me and not answering my calls, etc. These things happen, and I generally respond badly. He DOES NOT TALK if he is upset. He wants to wait until he calms down to discuss things or to move on and forget it (as in this case it was the best option). I, on the other hand, often sit and fume while he is calming down. Then, when he is ready to talk, I explode, making the whole thing start from the beginning.
And most of all, I know God is with us. He provided everything. Big deals from ty'd old job. My mom paying for the rental truck. A place to live with half off the deposit. A view of the bay and even stairs leading up to our house (something silly that I wanted). I feel peaceful. I enjoy my job. Ty starts at Honda on Monday.
But swapping the Hollywood Hills for the Highlands of Scotland doesn’t
How could this be? And how did Santa know that they did not have a tree like usual?
Things have been getting hairy around Casa Loaf - spring school, sports and extra-curricular activities for the kids, work and personal travel for their parents, races for me and the approaching boating, lawn care and gardening season have all converged on a super highway of busy-ness around here. You likely have your own highway running through the middle of your life.
The book, if I could be sure its contents were accurate, would be very easy to recommend to a broad, general readership of Australians interested in biographies. If you don’t particularly care for precise accuracy and just like a good yarn, potential flaws and all, more power to you, and this is a great book for you. If you’re happy knowing that the historian, in this case, has taken liberties which are rather more obvious than usual, again, I’d say its a great book for you, and hope you enjoy it.
You came home at a quarter past eleven
It doesn't matter that they may have good intentions, they always bring consequences and when you look up "Law of Unintended Consequences" on Wikipedia, you should get a picture of the US Code of Federal Regulations.
Then I need to give up this walk/run malarky because real runners only use fartlek in training. Once they’ve lengthened the run interval (because in fartlek, apparently, you start off with short distances and gradually lengthen them – not do set speed sections like I thought!) they don’t need to walk anymore. Real runners never walk.
“Aw, you’re such a good brother.”
I cam cum any way I like – clitorally, vaginally and anally – but that’s only after years of practice. I even had an orgasm when I was sucking a guy off, once. That wasn’t because I’d suddenly grown a clit in my throat, obviously. It was because my brain was so aroused as I was fellating him, it sent that message down to my pussy, and it made me climax. And we’ve all had those sex dreams where we’re having an orgasm so intense, it actually wakes us up. So climaxing can’t be a purely physical thing.
Coat has seen it all - been there got the T-shirt if you like. Coat knows me like no other.
Can you see yourself in any of your characters?
The Committee says its analysis focused on the 84% of UK households (21 million) that use gas for heating. For these households, energy bills increased from an average £605 per household in 2004 to £1,060 in 2010, a rise of 75%.
Twitter users with American Express card are required to sync their American Express card with their Twitter account to start taking part in the offers. You have to be on the look out for #amex followed by the offer name eg. #amexcoffee #amexbeach and to take part all you have to do is just tweet that offer hashtag and when you swipe your American Express card the offer will be automatically redeemed on your card.
This, in a nutshell, was the cause of the tumult. If those Jews failed to understand the change of dispensations, how much more for this Roman captain?
On a separate note but on the same theme
As the pursuit of Truth about “Obama’s” place of birth intensified these past few years, discovery was made that a baby girl – Virginia Sunahara – was born on the same day as “Obama” claims to be born.
The church needs more believers who have this same attitude: “I am thankful for what my pastors and teachers have helped me understand…but I’m a big girl now, and I can feed on this Word for myself, too.”
“Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.”-Psalm 30:5
When Christian rock came on the scene in the early 1970s, the majority of Bible-believing churches opposed it, even ones that were not “fundamentalist.” I know, because I was there observing the times. I had only recently been saved out of a hardcore rock & roll lifestyle, and I was confronted with the seductive promise of CRock that I could have my formerly beloved rock & roll and Christ, too. But like most of God’s people then, I rejected that position as unscriptural.
Thanks for dropping by.
Bill’s drawings of dogs, snakes, cats, chickens and mules demonstrate his love of animals. Another drawing is of a lively-speaking preacher with arms outstretched toward worshipers gathered in a circle. A simple, yet powerful drawing that provides more detail about his life on the farm.
1979 – Kramer vs. Kramer
My grandfather, and later his son, my dad, often refer to cash as “BLOOD MONEY”. We are taught to look upon it as some sacrifice on the part of our elders who have sacrificed much to put food on the table. That is how hard it is to get it, only by working hard and going through all kinds of perils of the workplace. This generation, who’s gone through two world wars, will tell you, as I have been told, that they can slog all days and years, and still can’t be filthy rich!
To talk or walk and then run.
Is there really such a thing as a healthy item on a Mexican restaurant's menu? This is a dilemma to me, because living in Colorado gives me access to numerous Mexican cuisines on a daily basis! In fact, the building I work in has a burrito place, and a Chipotle and Qdoba are each within two blocks of this building!
Religion has to realize this grander scale of global trends in our universe,
genuine lack of participation is genuine naivity
Machine Used: Boss Kut Gazelle
Brazil’s central bank fired the next shot in what is shaping up to be an international currency war with a sharper-than-expected interest rate cut late Wednesday that pushed down the value of its currency, the real.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
One author of the study, Joy Lawn, believes this is because there is no strong leadership to make newborn health and survival a priority. “We haven’t had the right people shouting for it,” Lawn told ABC News. Unlike the HIV movement, newborn mortality has garnered very little attention, despite the staggering numbers.
Finally found the 2009 offering of Anchor's winter warmer. This is traditionally one of the smoothest, silkiest, most complex of the winter warmers. I know that sounds goofy, but this is always a great beer. Different every year, it's always somewhat similar, and always great.
“Names are like Rama, Krishna, John, Tom. Sometimes people give their children funny names like Apple (Gwyneth Paltrow) and Romeo (Beckhams).
Another fun embellishment I've made using a Xyron are these twine buttons.
Scratch got nothing on your soul
You might not notice it at first, even if you're sitting right there in a pew, but the worship room of First Baptist Church, Greenville, is designed to make us feel as if we're sitting under a huge tree together.
Director Gordon Douglas made a lot of so-so films but he had it in him to produce something of real quality when the conditions were right. Rio Conchos is among his best movies (and Only the Valiant is another little dark gem tucked away in his filmography) due largely to the tough and cynical script and an uncompromising performance by Richard Boone. To Douglas’ credit, the action scenes are extremely well staged and, along with cameraman Joe MacDonald, he really makes the most of the rugged Utah locations. Still, it’s Boone that carries it all along, playing a mere shell of a man subsisting on hatred and bitterness. His craggy, lived-in features were ideal for westerns, from his iconic Paladin in TV’s Have Gun – Will Travel to a couple of memorable appearances as the villain in two John Wayne pictures, to name just a few. I’ve seen it written that his performance is a bit one note, but I don’t think that’s being entirely fair. One sequence in particular has him showing two vastly different sides to his character within minutes. I’m referring to the scene where the travellers come upon a burned out house containing what one assumes is a tortured and/or violated woman, moaning in agony on her deathbed, while her infant lies neglected in a cot alongside. We can see a series of emotions playing across Boone’s face, but the predominant one is a deep hurt as the terrible vision obviously brings back memories of the fate of his own wife and child. As he puts the woman out of her misery he is close to breaking down totally, the mask of toughness slipping momentarily in the now deserted room. When the raiding party returns to harry the trapped men though, Boone reverts to type almost instantaneously. There is something terrible in his primal joy, the gales of malicious laughter he expels when watching a downed Apache burning to death before his eyes. It could be argued that Lassiter undergoes a change of heart as the quest progresses, seeing that the army mission has some worth in itself that supersedes his own desire for vengeance. Again, I don’t read it that way. The confrontation with Rodriguez seems to me not so much a realization that there are higher issues at stake but more a necessary way of ensuring that his own ambitions are not thwarted.
However it may have to go in a few days when I'll be in Morocco, which I have been dreaming about for quite some time !
I believe that the most responsible thing an artist can do when depicting violence is to look at it from all sides. I think it's interesting that the most recent incarnations of the James Bond character were allowed some real humanity. Bond is tormented by his life of violence. So, while the modern Bond films are more violent than they used to be I believe they are far more responsible in presenting real consequences.
But seriously what would you do ... with right comes responsibilities, I wonder... did no one notice a man following a child what if it were a white youth and a Black male would teh neighbors have heard calls for help and done nothing!
It’s 1763 and the Mozart family’s exhausting life on the road involves travelling by coach from one royal court to the next, where the nobility marvel at young Wolfgang’s prodigious talent. But it was accomplished singer, harpsichordist, violinist Nannerl, Wolfgang’s elder by five years, who first held forth as the family’s infant prodigy. She is still performing, though getting overshadowed and sidelined as accompanist to Wolfgang. Her father, Leopold, bows to social strictures ‘for her own good,’ refusing to let her continue with the violin or to compose, while privately conceding Nannerl’s talent to his wife Anna-Maria. No longer a precocious tot, Nannerl chafes at the limitations imposed by her gender and frets about her prospects. Available 1 March – Outdoor from May (TBC)
Pure Maple Syrup has many health benefits. Pure maple syrup has manganese, which disarms free radicals. Pure maple syrup is good for your heart (thanks to the zinc), and it is good for the immune system (also due to zinc and the manganese).
While waiting for the votive holders to dry, I assembled my nest with this beautiful bird and her eggs. I attached it to the base of the "cage" and then added the votive holders and these beautiful looking and smelling robins egg blue color candles! It is such a beautiful piece. You can use it as a centerpiece indoors or you can hang it up outdoors. Either way she's ready to fly....well not really because she is glued down, but you get the point! ;)
We have been incredibly proud of building a product that is used and beloved by so many of you. We continue to be amazed and humbled by the photos you create and we are immensely grateful for all of your support, creativity, and passion.
As I've just got back from a 12 hour overnight coach journey (turns out Lyon and Bologna, while geographically rather close, are a nightmare transport-wise) I will wait until tomorrow, when it hopefully won't take me an hour to write 3 sentences, to reveal what I made.
From within in the shadows
More about Joanne:
My in-laws joined us this weekend (as they often do). We don't get to spend much time with them, so it was nice to have them along. The boys are crazy about them, and they were a huge help to us. They took the boys hiking on Saturday so that Scott & I (and his niece) could bike the Virginia Creeper Trail. We had taken the boys on the trail on Friday, and they did well, but certainly weren't up for it two days in a row.
"You know what," L.A. coach Darryl Sutter asked. "It's too bad for St. Louis that you can't do two for one, because if it was, you know which direction (the Vezina) is going."
Verlander said the curve felt good this year from the outset of spring training.
Whether you got married for romance, adventure, sex or security, God put you together because you reflect his fame and his renown better together than you ever did apart.
"I didn't speak a word of English, so I really needed to trust Christian," Zhang said in Mandarin, via a translator.
The results are the kinds of shots you’ve seen Dirk hit throughout his brilliant postseason, and these shots will undoubtedly make the city of Miami curse his name nightly over the next two weeks.
"We're saying someone took the body out," Conklin said.
“I haven’t even thought about that yet,” Tortorella said, insisting he was going to let his players — and presumably himself — enjoy a series win for a solid 60 minutes before starting to fret about Alex Ovechkin and friends, who have ousted the Rangers the last two times they were in the postseason.
The third- and fourth-grade reading tests used to require 61 percent of possible points. This year, it's 54 percent.
Batinovich and Bysouth see the covered space as an extension of their home and the $140,000 investment as adding much more to its value.
1 1/3 cups sugar
His final line: 17 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists, the first triple-double in Heat playoff history and the seventh of his postseason career. Still, the Heat fell to the Dallas Mavericks 112-103 on Thursday night, falling behind 3-2 in the title series.
The Giants hadn’t had substantive talks with Manningham and his agent, Drew Rosenhaus, since well before the start of free agency.
"We've played some good soccer at times against some very good teams," Jewsbury said. "For whatever reason, we're letting ourselves down in the last 10 to 15 minutes."
"We're very pleased to have another journalist who is as experienced and dedicated as Curtis is, joining the great staff here at Local 12 News," WKRC news director Kirk Varner said in a statement released Thursday by the Cincinnati station. "Curtis will also be in the field covering local stories and breaking news during evening newscasts."
Fans will enter through Home Plate Plaza to the view of a field 16 feet below, with palm trees ringing the outfield backdrop that includes seating for about 1,500 on a grassy berm -- except there's no grass yet.
Of his own performance as "The Wild One"-channeling teen rebel Mutt (who turns out to be Indy's son), LaBeouf says this: "You get to monkey-swinging and things like that and you can blame it on the writer and you can blame it on Steven. But the actor's job is to make it come alive and make it work, and I couldn't do it. So that's my fault. Simple."
In Denver, the encampment has about 70 tents, a kitchen with free food, library, school, worship tent, security detail and nurses station.
The troubles are expected to weigh on the bank's broader earnings. For example, the corporate group, which includes the Chief Investment Office, is now expected to lose $800 million in the second quarter, the company said.
Such harmony between the siblings is rare in rock music circles. White Mystery has none of the storied conflict of the Beach Boys, Oasis or the Everly Brothers.
NEWARK — When Ahiezer Ortiz was in kindergarten in 1996, said his mother, Gladys Lorenzo, she knew he needed extra help by the way he paused for an unusually long time before answering questions. It turned out he had attention-deficit disorder and a learning disability.
Having a little faith.
Only nine races have been held since the Planned Parenthood controversy, but an Associated Press survey of affiliates for the Dallas-based charity showed that a downward trend is already taking shape.
The Americans Elect alternative, Webster contends, "would give a higher level of independence to the more centrist or moderate candidates who feel now that they have to concede on issues of policy and platform to the more extreme groups of their own parties."
Cinco de Mayo event: The 10th Stinko de Mayo charity benefit will be held from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday at Newport Dunes, 1131 Back Bay Drive. Tres Sietes Tequila and Black Flys are sponsoring the event, which will benefit Rock the Autism and features a pre-'80s classic car show, Miss Newport Dunes Bikini Contest, two stages, three bars and a VIP bar. Tickets: presale, $10; at the gate, $15. Kids under 12 are free. Presale tickets are available at House of Flys, Newport Dunes and WantTickets.com. Parking is $5.
Editor Michael Pietsch pieced together this unfinished novel from the chapters and fragments left behind after Wallace committed suicide in 2008.
Developers in the Mojave Desert last month were so keen on going forward with their project that they didn't consult with Native Americans about the ancient objects that might lie underground or conduct the required archaeological work in a thorough way. This has happened before: It happened most recently in downtown Los Angeles last year at the site of one of the area's oldest burial grounds. Now it's happening again 200 miles east, in the desert.
But then Florence, a well-dressed woman of retirement age, sitting across from us in the observation car, spoke up: "Three hours? Four hours? I don't care. I'm here, and this is what I'm doing."
The hurt of disillusionment can cause us to have a wounded heart. There comes a time when we must understand that it is not always necessary to understand. Some hurts and losses will never make sense to us on this side of eternity, but in time and God's economy, we find that all things do work together for the good of those who love the Lord.
Time commended Colson for helping to define compassionate conservatism through his campaign for humane prison conditions and called him one of "evangelicalism's more thoughtful public voices."
Intel, which has just begun mass production of its new, 22-nanometer generation of microprocessor, presented slides suggesting that it would like to use 450-millimeter wafers for its 10-nanometer generation, in 2016 or 2017.
In Borneo, wildfires, logging and palm oil plantations have helped wipe out most of the orangutans' natural habitat. Indonesia, which boasts the most tropical forests in the world after Brazil, continues to lose millions of forest acres each year, thanks to the rising popularity of palm oil as a cooking oil and biofuel. The forests are burned, the peat swamps drained, and palm trees are planted instead.
 "Life Upon These Shores: Looking at African American History, 15132008" (Knopf, $50, 880 pages, with 700-plus images): A detailed, provocative account of African Americans' contributions to our culture.
In March, the California State University Board of Trustees voted to give Garcia – the outgoing president of Cal State Dominguez Hills in Carson – the maximum pay raise allowable under a new executive-compensation cap approved by trustees in January. In addition to her base salary of $324,500, she gets free housing at the presidential estate and a $12,000-per-year car allowance.
Tim Allen lends his amiable voice as the narrator. With the exception of a wink to the parents in the multiplex who may recall his "Tool Time" grunts, his voice-over is understated. It's the words themselves that vex.
Notes: Only eight players suited up for the Nets. Forwards Kris Humphries (sore right big toe) and Gerald Wallace (strained hamstring) sat out, along with Williams and Shelden Williams (hyper-extended knee). ... Their all-time record as the New Jersey Nets ends up as 1186-1636 (.420 winning percentage). ... Johan Petro, on a 20-foot jumper with 24.3 seconds left, scored the final basket in New Jersey Nets’ history.
General manager Mike Tannenbaum, in an interview with WFAN later in the day, responded by saying, "I don't think we have a corrupt locker room."
Daily: 836 Win 4: 8293
(Median is the middle number: Half the houses sold for more, half for less.)
Since 2002, state voters have backed four similar, though smaller, water and parks bonds. Backers, who include conservation, business and regional agencies, believe that future ballot measures may be needed as the state's population grows.
NEW YORK -- Bank of America is closing down one of its mortgage units.
5032 Sutherland Av, $148,000
"Some of my acquaintances in the cancer world would say that these opportunities to walk and teach are 'gifts' that I have received from cancer, but this is no gift," Kortge says. "It's an earned benefit. I'm not grateful for cancer, but I'm also not willing to pretend it never happened.
Lacrosse: Olivia Duncan had six goals and two assists to lead Adrian College (13-2, 5-0 Midwest Women's Lacrosse Conference) to a 20-12 victory over visiting Carthage (9-4, 3-1).
The class, which Abraham started at the beginning of January, is a response to the obesity epidemic that continues to plague both the state and the nation. According to a 2011 report by the Trust for America’s Health, New Jersey’s adult obesity rate is 24.1%. Fifteen years ago, it was 12.3%.
"I hope I learned something in six years," said Matz, a former Olympic equestrian. "It's just like anything else, probably the same thing you learned riding - experience."
VEHICLE THEFT: A vehicle theft was reported at 7:10 p.m. April 12 in the 7400 block of South Lindbergh Boulevard.
The world's second-most-populous Muslim country is caught in a brutal internal struggle between extremism and moderation. Most of its people tell pollsters they don't like the United States and wish we'd go away. The tribesmen of its western frontier shelter Osama bin Laden and the leaders of Afghanistan's Taliban. And the United States can't forget how, in the 1980s, Pakistan built nuclear weapons -- and then later exported nuclear technology to North Korea and Iran.
A few minutes later, a questioner pleaded with him to run.
The tour ends in another fitting spot: Milk's old camera shop at 575 Castro St., which also doubled as his campaign headquarters.
Syria claimed that Palestine had always been part of its territory. Iraq sought Palestine for access to the Mediterranean. Egypt believed that, as the most populous Arab state, it should annex Palestine. And Trans-Jordan (later Jordan), a state carved out of the largest chunk of Palestine by Britain for its Arab clients from neighboring Hejaz, hoped to absorb the remainder.
The owner of "The Scream," Petter Olsen, a Norwegian real-estate developer and shipping heir, is trying to win big with the sale. He waived a price guarantee—an arrangement often used in the sale of high-profile items where the auction house assures the seller a minimum sum in exchange for a larger commission.
The Fenton-based sales and marketing services company provides market research, travel and meetings and events services for corporate clients.
Ultimately, said SIUE's Hafer, relocation decisions hang on a single factor.
There are a number of camping options, including a campership program providing discounts to low and moderate income families.
"It's a challenge every time I call Brandon's name off the bench," McMillan said. "That's our All-Star. We're going through a season where we are trying to figure out what he can do and how he can help the team and get him through this year. But I know what he has done for this organization. And to call Brandon Roy's name as a backup is different."
BrightSource, based in Oakland, called off its IPO on April 11, just hours before trading was scheduled to start. The company's large solar power plants don't use photovoltaic cells. Instead, they use fields of mirrors to concentrate sunlight and generate heat.
After funneling his songwriting through various band conceptions—the White Stripes, the Raconteurs, the Dead Weather—White is directing his latest production without artifice. Or at least, less artifice.
And so they replied with the song, "Roll With Me, Henry."
Cinnamon
She feels that she was given so much, and that it’s her duty to give back, even when it comes to simple gestures, like flying Caranto to New York to rehearse with her before the Kimmel show in Los Angeles.
"We’re watching it … really rejuvenate itself," she said from the Turtle Brook Inn along Northfield Avenue.
Carol Kerns, mother of the late Marine, also spoke of her memories and the character of her son during Friday’s service. Cpl. Kerns’’ widow, Mechele Nikole Kerns, stood beside her as she spoke.
Erich Merkle, Ford’s sales analyst, said the month started out slow but then sales picked up momentum.
While doctors are trained to treat a patient's symptoms, they don't always understand how societal problems can compound poor health, said Ross Silverman, chair of medical humanities at SIU, who oversaw the activity.
Cleary, 33, is at his most effective when he's able to skate hard, and being slowed by the knee left him with just 12 goals among 33 points in 75 games. He didn't have any points in the playoffs.
Simon's family relayed word of his death Thursday, posting a short statement on Facebook and telling The Associated Press through a spokesman that Simon died Wednesday night in New York City after a brief illness.
Antoine Vermette, the Coyotes' lone trade deadline acquisition, put Phoenix up 1-0 on a
And you know the world has changed when we can come together and actually begin to reform the pension and benefit system— in a nearly unanimous vote.
The King of Beers is now sort of the Duke of Beers, its U.S. sales ranking behind Bud Light and Coors Light. This is hard to understand except as evidence of the abject failure of American public education.
"That kid," he said, "he's the real deal."
Gilbert High School Principal J. Charles Santa Cruz said he took exception to the slogan and the shirts were never approved by administration. He told Gayleen Skowronek last Friday the shirts were not allowed.
Christie said he did not know about the meetings among high-level Democrats and Rutgers board members but said he was unconcerned about Norcross being involved in state policymaking discussions.
When I went to Kayak and reverse-engineered the specific dates and flights I got at Delgado, I could indeed match their price. But most of the time I couldn't. That's because many of the agencies are consolidators, meaning they negotiate discount rates with airlines on specific routes in exchange for a promise of volume sales.
And in the realm of Asian pickles - particularly the copious spread set out with Korean barbecue or the tiny dashes of color that enhance Japanese fried foods - winter pickles can mean anything from ginger to plum, or turnip to daikon.
All that, and a 20-something female passenger in the vehicle who gathered her things and explained to a witness as the driver was being arrested: "He's Brandon Roy -- No. 7. Look him up, he's famous."
The Federal Housing Administration on Friday released details of a plan in which borrowers who use FHA loans can get advances from lenders that effectively let them receive the credit before they complete their taxes.
Anthem, according to Sanders, notified health and human services and insurance regulators about the incident.
No, Hoboken resident Albie Manzo from "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" did not apply to be a deputy officer in Hudson County despite previous reports.
Asked why the new firm was incorporated with his help, Cerf said he incorporated the company with like-minded reformers while he was still in the private sector. The firm, he said, consults with a "wide variety" of clients.
Winning this crucial county means appealing to voters whose needs vary from solving traffic bottlenecks to getting better service from MARTA — and to some who don’t want anything if they don’t get suburban help paying for that mass transit system.
He wasn't home alone, apparently.
The Fiat-Chrysler alliance is very good for Michigan, Snyder said, "because they want to make sure their suppliers are close to them." Snyder said his delegation of economic development officials had very promising meetings with a group of Italian manufacturers. "There could be a dozen or more opportunities for expansion or introduction of new companies in Michigan," he said.
"I have been suffering and doing everything I can to keep the pier open," he said.
Of course, it's precisely in these desperate moments that things become most fascinating, because we have no choice but to set our preconceptions aside. "I'm interested," Weschler says, "in what it's like when people or places suddenly catch fire." This can be an aesthetic process or it can be political, or, as in the case of "Vermeer in Bosnia," it can be both. It's also a pretty good description of Weschler's own approach to writing, which is, by turns, literary and journalistic, an idiosyncratic mix of the reported and the inferred.
The City of Brotherly Love shows its affection for eggs at City Tavern restaurant, a historic, Philadelphia landmark that serves 18th century cuisine just a few steps from Independence Hall, the Constitution Center and the Liberty Bell. Chef Walter Staib prepares his eggs Chesapeake using poached eggs and crab cakes with a house-made tarragon Béarnaise sauce and potatoes O'Brien.
"It wasn't just one customer," he said. "We had a lot of lucky people. For St. Louis, this is definitely a first, for our properties, anyway."
“These particular pages had gone through a series of sales, multiple auction houses in multiple countries before they ultimately landed in the United States,” said Cooley, who has since been promoted and transferred to the Tucson office.
In August, 25 high school teachers in Baltimore County and 25 community college professors will receive training, she said. The next year, the program will open up to educators in other areas in Maryland.
In the years that followed, Vatra became more of a social organization.
Both U.S. Bank and Freddie Mac have filed to dismiss the case.
First, it criticized the poll, with spokesman Justin Barasky saying "this is a Republican poll by a notoriously unreliable Republican pollster and should not be taken seriously."
Reports of their respective visits -- written separately, since the two testers never met and had no idea what specifically was being tested -- show stark differences in how the testers were treated by landlords.
Fellow ESPN draft analyst Todd McShay was equally complimentary of Rainey on Saturday.
In Hoboken, residents were asked to leave voluntarily; those with basement apartments were ordered to evacuate.
At the Benjamin Franklin School, the social worker was not the only staff member to raise concerns about possible cheating, according to an investigative report by the DOE’s Office of Fiscal Accountability and Compliance.
LeBron James continued to struggle with his shot and finished the quarter just 5-of-16.
A company spokesman said the company has gone from 77 employees a year ago to 44 today.
"My point is we all trusted each other with that same equal deal," Theriot said. "That's kind of how I approach it. You want to have that trust in your teammates. You want your teammates to trust you. What it does is it develops that great friendship. You start to see those late-inning rallies, you start to see guys genuinely get excited."
FitzGerald's plan doesn't change the fees, but he hopes the county can save money by using the same people hired to verify property information for the 2012 property value reappraisal.
The West, wrote Stegner -- who was born in 1909 in Iowa and grew up in Montana, Utah and elsewhere before settling in Northern California's Los Altos Hills until his death in 1993 -- was a place defined by its restlessness. It was a region, in other words, from which people largely moved on, with considerable literary consequences.
Heat the olive oil in a large, nonreactive pan over medium heat. Sauté the onions until soft and translucent. Add the garlic and ginger, and sauté until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.
If you prefer a more country-fried music fest, Bama Jam is the place to go nearest to Atlanta this season. The festival takes place in southern Alabama (or "L.A.," as locals are fond of saying, for lower Alabama) outside the small town of Enterprise. Georgia's Zac Brown Band will be headlining this year's event, along with Tim McGraw and Kid Rock. On-site camping for tents and RVs will be available for a fee. www.bamajam2012.com
Stephen Beard, Info Graphics.
Big 5 Sporting Goods, the last anchor remaining in Ocotillo Plaza, the shopping center on the northwestern corner of Alma School and Queen Creek roads, is vacating its spot and moving to Arizona Avenue.
"They would play all year round. They dedicated a lot of time to polo. I learned a lot from them about work ethic," Lewis, 18, says of that 2009 senior class. "It was hard but then I did realize I needed to be there."
A man who'd offered the nurses room in a ski lodge in exchange for some light cleaning entertained them during the day by lining up their brand new cowboy hats and shooting a hole through each one. They'd never be proper cowgirls without that badge of honor, he'd told them. After a few too many drinks that night, he delivered tea to their room and, with a gun to Gwenda's head, insisted they drink.
The Shapiros were married for more than 50 years and had three children: Susan of Los Angeles and twins David and Steven of Salt Lake City; and four grandchildren.
"If that's the level of specificity you're looking for, you're the reporters -- you go do the grunt work," said Mandel, who lives in Beachwood. "Any reporter who doesn't believe Sherrod Brown is responsible for jobs going to China is simply out of touch."
Another man muttered, “I can't believe it. I can't believe it. This can't be true. We were at the embassy this morning and surely they would have known about this news.”
recall left-hander Scott Maine from Class AAA Iowa to take his roster spot. It is the 16th time in Wood's career he has been on the disabled list.
But the Once-ler loves mama, and at her behest,
Ernst & Young LLP has announced 28 semifinalists for its Entrepreneur of the Year 2012 Awards in Orange County. Winners will be announced on June 7.
Patricia Conway came all the way back from North Carolina to see her Super Bowl heroes in person. A Queens native, she was gypped out of a 1991 parade, to celebrate the Giants' second title, when then Mayor David Dinkins refused to let Big Blue celebrate.
"I just like knowing where my food comes from, so it's nice to meet the people that are growing it," Wilhelm said. "(The farmers' market) is a Boulder institution, so it's fun for social reasons, too."
Much of the company's debt was piled on by the two private equity companies, Apollo Management Group and Texas Pacific Group, who took Harrah's private three years ago. Apollo and TPG planned to keep majority control of it after the IPO. They paid $30.7 billion in 2007 in what was one of the biggest leveraged buyouts ever. But that was before the financial crisis hit.
Anyone who has felt powerless in the face of bureaucratic tangles, everyone who has reckoned with the monolith of corporate power, should feel heartened by the story of a whistleblower who uncovered a multimillion-dollar swindle.
Gibb remained in intensive care Sunday, "extremely weak and malnourished," the Associated Press quoted Thillainayagam as saying. The doctor added that family members Dwina Gibb, sons Robin-John and Spencer, and daughter Melissa had been "tireless in their determination never to give up" on Gibb.
-- Cut all ingredients for the Uncooked Cranberry Relish, if serving -- toss with vinegar or orange juice about 3 hours before serving.
WORST MOMENT: The book-signing (and most of character Riley).
Go jump in the lake, Stevie, and while you're down there give that fan his camera back...
The sea creature that saved his life by circling beneath him -- he says it was a seal -- he now thinks of as an angel. Its appearance in the frigid water is not something he has talked about in public, although he has often appeared on television and been interviewed by reporters. He has never even told his mother.
On Feb. 28, her attending physician, Dr. Bradley Barnhill, visited the care facility and found Johnnie to be constipated and her abdomen "protuberant," or abnormally distended, according to the records. He wrote orders for a "bowel program," including laxatives and other treatments, and went to the nurses station to flag the new orders, records show.
We know what's likely to happen. Iraqi militants have already denounced those "terps" as "traitors" who should get "nine bullets." When the British left Iraqi staff behind in 2006, 17 of their interpreters were publicly executed in Basra.
63133
Hayes is the owner and chief executive of Applied Technology Systems Inc., which lost control of the federal job-training center in February, after defaulting on a $2.7 million bank loan that's since been repaid. The company, according to recent court papers, is nearly insolvent and was in financial trouble last year. And Hayes continues to face scrutiny from the federal government, which says his company overcharged it for expenses at job training centers. Also, companies that provided services to the job center are owed thousands of dollars.
Some say she should ignore the critiques. Every first lady has been there. Mary Todd Lincoln was supposedly a nut job and shopaholic. Eleanor Roosevelt the Negro Lover, Jacqueline Kennedy the elitist snob. They called Nancy Reagan a meddling "Dragon Lady." Hillary Clinton was a lamp-throwing ball buster.
øDrawing from actual events in Van Gogh's life, Laurence Anholt's book weaves a story about how a little boy named Camille befriends the artist. Camille and his family appeared in paintings created by Van Gogh. This interactive story reveals how, although Van Gogh painted vibrant paintings of the village people and its surroundings, the townspeople of Camille's village thought the painter was odd and ostracized him. But Camille and his family accepted Van Gogh and saw the genius of his work. The book contains 19 puzzles which kids play to bring the characters within the book to life. By tapping illustrations of characters, kids can activate a mode that lets them see the gears and mechanisms that would make the character move. By tapping again on the character, the mechanisms spring apart so that kids can connect them once again. When they do, the character will now appear to animate in the story. Kids can also use simple art tools to repaint the characters so that they appear on the pages how they would like them to look. With soothing background music and the ability to be transported to a museum for closer inspection of Van Gogh's work, this is a great way for kids to learn about this artist and 10 of his famous paintings.
His grandmother still has the photo of him from that first year. Wearing team-issued equipment, Mike has the left shin guard on his right leg, and vice versa.
I'm loving all the reinterpretations of the show's theme the orchestra/band is doing as the show comes out of commercial. Why not let your live band loose if you've got one?
But dude, where’s the movie?
COLUMBUS, Ohio — The lawyer for Terrelle Pryor said Thursday that he doesn't expect the Ohio State quarterback to be hit with NCAA violations over the cars he has driven in his three years as a Buckeye.
Although she played calculating cuties well, when she got a proposal from her first agent, a rich older man with a bad heart — a gold digger’s dream! — she turned him down. Although she was certainly uneducated, she wasn’t stupid, and read voraciously; her later marriage to Arthur Miller wasn’t just a love affair but an enrollment in grad school.
Andrea Alarcon, president of the Board of Public Works, had urged the panel to embrace a complete ban, saying paper bags lead to deforestation. Her father, Councilman Richard Alarcon, voted with his colleagues to advance the proposal.
Mr. McClendon pledged that it was "now time to transition" from being an aggressive company that discovered and leased new oil and gas fields to one that would focus on cutting costs and delivering "exceptional returns" for investors.
Rockies general manager Dan O'Dowd spoke with several players during the offseason about the importance of open communication regarding their health. He told them it was OK to give in to the game sometimes, taking the decision out of the manager's hands. For players, however, asking for time off has long been perceived as a sign of a weakness. O'Dowd insists it's anything but.
No such luck has come about with offensive linemen. But it's not as if Oregon isn't trying. The Ducks reached out to several high-quality linemen across the country this recruiting season. According to Rivals, Oregon made offers to five four-star linemen. All five -- in Florida, Texas, Illinois, Minnesota and Georgia -- reportedly showed little interest in the Ducks.
Catching the eye of McKendree's golf program is no small deal. The Bearcats, who had six players post scores in the 60s or 70s last year, won the 11-team American Midwest Conference/Dakota Athletic Conference tournament and qualified for the NAIA championships last spring. Five seniors from the 2010-11 roster are graduating.
And in today's dine-at-our-desk culture, a languid lunch in a stunning setting with a bit of whimsy registers as a rare luxury. During our lunch at the Rotunda, two friends and I felt so unusually relaxed we were practically slaphappy. We lingered over dessert, sipping the last of our half bottle of Conundrum Meritage ($29) and watching the bustling street crowds far below.
On an overcast day, Joseph Lelinho paid a visit to his beehives in Montclair, checking on the honeybees since their last feeding a few weeks ago. For beekeepers, this winter’s unseasonably warm temperatures — a blessing for most of us — have actually been a killer.
You're not going to get that super-crispy crust in the oven. But you can get a faux-fried version without the guilt.
Smart said he has at least a couple of guys in mind to fill the position. It's also possible that the Warriors will promote from within, moving Calbert Cheaney up a seat and making shooting coach Mark Price a full-time assistant.
That's great, and Vonnegut worked hard to make it look so easy. These taut, concise stories show us the roots of a great Rube Goldberg literary career.
Eustachy has compiled a 402-298 record in 21 seasons as a head coach, most recently posting 25 wins at Southern Mississippi last season, which culminated in the school's first NCAA Tournament berth in 21 years.
That goal may be a stretch, but lawmakers in about a dozen states told The Associated Press they were interested in proposing Arizona-style laws if its key components are upheld by the Supreme Court. A ruling is expected in June on the Department of Justice's appeal that the law conflicts with federal immigration policy.
"We're definitely seeing a drift away from drought," said assistant Minnesota state climatologist Pete Boulay. "Things will continue to get better as long as we keep getting rains like this."
TransCanada has sought to dissolve a restraining order granted a week ago, saying it is legally entitled to pursue eminent domain proceedings along the proposed pipeline route under existing state and federal laws—though it says it has no plans to begin any construction.
The party's text referred to her as Bo Gu Kailai, using her husband's family name, which is not the custom for Chinese women — a sign, some say, of the authorities' desire to taint them both with the murder charge.
The news has generated concern that the deal gives Express Scripts too much pricing power.
"It's a new day in Wayne County and a fresh new start," the county's third elected executive proclaimed in January 2003, pledging a county government "that serves the people and not itself."
Collins pleaded guilty in December, admitting she agreed to pay a hit man in Hampton $1,500 to kill her ex-husband, who lives in Virginia Beach with their twin 16-year-old daughters. Collins had been ordered to pay child support.
The first installment of the High School Showcase, which is sponsored by PNC Bank and Rawlings, was more of a showcase for the pitchers a year ago, with the batters swinging wood bats and the Missouri side pulling out a 2-0 win.
Size: 10,500 square feet.
For human resources departments, it's also the time when new teachers are hired. And it's a very busy time for maintaining classrooms and school facilities.
"They said, 'You could go up there and find it,'" Jim said. "I thought, I'm not going back into that neighborhood."
PATH train service on the Hoboken to World Trade Center line resume a normal schedule at 6:40 p.m. after delays because of electrical problems, according to officials.
Palmer’s a welcome addition but she’s too tough for this movie — the effects are grade-school silly (Pettyfer shoots blue light from his hands like he’s clutching a fistful of glow sticks) and there’s no real threat. Stab one of the evil aliens with a special knife and he just turns to ashes.
"We believe the ability to manage your resources through these onerous rules and regulations is running contrary to the whole philosophy of trying to economize, to manage, and to run government like a business," said League of Municipalities Executive Director Bill Dressel.
Just 6-foot-1 and 160 pounds, Archibald led the NBA in scoring (34 points) and assists (11.4) in the 1972-73 season. A six-time NBA All-Star, he was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1991.
TRENTON — Motorists are paying slightly less at the pumps in New Jersey.
Aniston, making a small recovery from the horrendous “The Bounty Hunter,” looks pert and pretty (she may be the best-groomed woman in Hollywood — I picture flights of stylists hovering around her like cartoon bluebirds, each one armed with a hot comb and a pumice stone). But who is she playing, besides a desperate-to-get-pregnant woman?
"I'm thinking there's no way we're going to make it this easy," Huff said. "Two pitches later, it's 4-3 and I'm thinking, 'That's about right.'"
That's doubly impressive when you consider the odds against this business, which has been open since 1999. It's in a "tourist" area near Fisherman's Wharf, where many locals don't venture, and the menu is fixed-price, which until recently many soothsayers said was a dinosaur. You still have the luxury amenities other restaurants forgo, including tablecloths and a cheese cart. And it's expensive.
The three sold pharmacies were owned by Brett Williams. He also had a partner in the Clarkson Square drug store: pharmacist Stan Martka.
"I'm talking balanced; not a token $200 billion in 'real revenues' and this fee and dynamic scoring and all that (nonsense)."
And, Christie told the Queen of Talk that he won't back off his stance on education, also likely to be a major theme of his State of the State address Tuesday.
Admission is free.
Kent Marshall, his attorney, said Thursday that his client was already in prison on another charge or he would have been inclined to fight the synthetic drug charges on constitutional grounds. Marshall said that when Jacobs ordered the bath salts, they were still legal to possess in Minnesota.
The volley ripped across a field northeast of present-day Jefferson and Shenandoah avenues at 3 p.m. Oct. 29, 1864. It was a vengeance execution, ordered by the Union command in St. Louis for the murders of Union Maj. James Wilson and six soldiers who had been captured by Confederates. Their bodies were found in Franklin County.
Using his marquetry and inlay design, he is able to reproduce traditional, Federal-style furniture similar to the ones on display at the Baltimore Museum of Art or the Maryland Historical Society. He also builds more modern pieces.
Anyone with additional information or who believes they have been a victim is asked to contact OPD Detective Jennifer Amat at 714-744-7302 or Supervising District Attorney Investigator Lou Gutierrez at 714-347-8794.
Evidently not.
Even small amounts of rainfall can cause the combined pipes to fill quickly and overflow in more than 200 places, mostly in northern New Jersey.
It's the same concept, but we're adding layers to make it a more dynamic program.
The retro decor complements many of today's furnishings -- something to remember when you're trying to capture that '60s vibe, said Anthony Larosa, former furniture design department chair at Savannah College of Art and Design. He cautions against going all-in on the vintage look, even if you love it.
Ratliff was joined on the AllConference first team by junior attackman Mike Sawyer and junior midfielder Davis Butts.
Lin opened the game with a three-point play, giving him nine straight points dating to late Tuesday, but passed more than shot as the Knicks scored easily in the first half. Lin beat the defense with penetration and dishes to shooters, or by throwing lob passes over the top.
"And the challenge with Sen. Portman is that Sen. Portman was one of the architects, as a budget director, of the last administration's economic policies. It's just one more sign if he does that, that he wants to go back to those policies.
It's a scary place. But if we're going to deal with those who are trying to take Florida back to the Dark Ages, we must understand how they think.
The governor added, "They all followed the political line like lemmings."
FOOTBALL
Benchmark oil for June delivery rose 3 cents to $104.91 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract fell 6 cents to end at $104.87 per barrel on the Nymex on Tuesday.
"I'm not sure what he's going to try next," she said, sounding both wary and weary.
Phillips-Olivier is charged in a five-count indictment of accepting bribes of a home air-conditioning system, a golfing trip to Florida and other gifts from contractors hoping to get work at the housing authority.
Police said late Wednesday that the investigation is centered in Middlesex County, and the county prosecutor's office is heading the investigation. The child, believed to be about two years old, was discovered here on Sunday by a stranger who heard her crying.
Lexi Pommer, moved up top after spending most of this season as a defensive midfielder, tallied the game-winner with just under 17 minutes to play in the second half to lift the Tigers to a 1-0 win over the Flyers at Oakville.
CAPE CANAVERAL, FLa. -- For an untested rocket, Ares I-X flew like an old pro.
Foreclosures have continued to be stalled in some states because of court delays. In New Jersey last month a judge ruled that four major banks could resume uncontested foreclosures under court monitoring. This ruling led to a 42 percent increase in homes receiving a default notice in August from the previous month. In Atlantic City, N.J. alone default notices rose 68 percent.
"This is a process that will begin behind closed doors with the unions," Drewniak said.
ANAHEIM, CALIF. - With Joe Mauer's left knee still aching from a foul tip Sunday and Justin Morneau booked on Tuesday's first flight back to Minnesota to have his wrist examined, the Twins decided late Monday night that it was time to promote catcher Drew Butera from Class AAA Rochester.
A "trial certain date" set in April, Perzel wrote, would balance the rights of the defendants, the need for judicial economy and the interests of the victims, many of whom are elderly, vulnerable and "virtually destitute."
His parish is 60 percent Latino.
The state filed a petition Nov. 18 in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania laying out its arguments for why the city meets the criteria for receivership. A hearing in that case is scheduled for
"To vote against a bill that’s going to save taxpayers over $120 billion over 30 years doesn’t seem to align with their constituents," Gorka said. "They’re going to have an awful hard time explaining to voters why they passed on those kinds of savings."
Bryzgalov, whose announcement reportedly infuriated Flyers' coaches, was asked about his mindset for the Winter Classic
According to documents released by the attorney general, Sam Moen was directly involved in exhorting rank-and-file Fairview workers to boost collections from patients.
The Leafs captain was an unlikely contributor after taking a puck in the cheek on Thursday and having to play with a long visor to cover the big lump on his face.
The AARP says it's concerned. If doctors became embroiled in a legal battle over payments, then "a general concern would be that physicians would cease to take on new Medicare patients, as well as potentially have issues seeing their current patients," said Ariel Gonzalez, an AARP lobbyist.
Electronic readers, and the reading privacy they provide, are fueling a boom in sales of sexy romance novels, or "romantica," as the genre is called in the book industry.
So was the landscaping. Crews with the TV show replaced the front-yard grass with a desert landscape.
Authorities have interviewed all of the 17 registered sex offenders within a three-mile radius of the Celis home, the Arizona Daily Star reported.
R1-18, Melvin Ingram, DE, South Carolina
This plays at the Millburn Library, 200 Glen Ave., Millburn, March 15 at 7 p.m. It’s free, but reservations are a must. Call (973) 376-1006.
It's unclear exactly how concerns over LoBurgio's performance arose, but Davis said it probably came up during routine case reviews conducted in the unit handling crimes against children.
That evening, our dinner - locally raised beef, fresh produce driven up from Adelaide - is cooked by Arkaba's on-site chef, and served on the homestead's big wooden dining table. We eat with Pat and Sally Kent, owners of Arkaba Station, and then settle onto a sofa in the library in front of a fire, and help ourselves to a snifter of cognac from the complimentary bar.
* Aaron Craft's foul troubles sent him to the bench after getting his third foul with 16:10 left in the game. The Buckeyes led by 15 at that point, and Craft sat for almost seven minutes before checking back in with Ohio State ahead by 17 with 9:24 left. The Buckeyes didn't collapse without him, and while they turned the ball over in his absence, Craft also had five turnovers himself against the Loyola pressure defense.
The issue of the protruding wires was discovered when some leads were removed from patients because of infection or other medical problems unrelated to the leads themselves, said Dr. Mark Carlson, chief medical officer at St. Jude. In every case, the inner insulation was intact and the leads still were working.
Not many people thought theyd be 19 games over .500, with the fifth best record in the NBA and in control of finishing with the third seed in the East.
Bear Creek 000 00 — 0 1 0
BRANCHBURG — Two township brothers face charges following a child pornography investigation, the Somerset County Prosecutor’s Office said.
Occupation: Graphic designer at Shiffler Equipment in Chardon
For Peabody Opera, used to performing in 700-seat Friedberg Hall on campus, moving into the 2,500-seat Lyric represents a significant challenge. Given scheduling constraints, only three days were available to move in the set and rehearse in the theater. ("It is a rushed pace," Bruce said, "but they've been rehearsing since the middle of September.")
After cooling, place one cake layer onto a tray. (Make sure tray will fit into your freezer.) With a knife, cut off corners to create football shape. Cut the same shape into the other layer.
The focal point of the dining room - aside from the large picture windows overlooking Clinton Street - is a 12-foot canvas mural depicting the life of a ruler; the century-old work was purchased by Neela's mother, who passed it on to her daughter more than 30 years ago.
Now, each morning I read headlines about the Tibetan lockdown by the Chinese. The other day, I bought vegetables from a Tibetan exile who lives on Long Island. What a terrible thing is happening in Tibet, I said. "Yes," he replied, "but it is making everyone aware of what is going on, so this is a good thing."
"We're not exactly sure," admitted Becker, 51. "We're investigating."
Cockrum said the man did not appear to be injured but was taken to a hospital as a precaution. The fact that the truck was not full was credited with sparing the man from potentially fatal injuries.
Christie said his decision was more about reshaping the court than about Justice Wallace, whom he said he had “great respect for ... personally and professionally.”
Mickelson didn't fare too badly, either.
When Assistant Senate Minority Leader Greg Brophy first sat down with Maes, it was clear the gubernatorial hopeful had done his homework.
Bank of America denies the assertion that it didn't work with the Robertses. "That's not true," spokeswoman Shirley Norton said. "The bank had been working with the brothers for some time to help them resolve their financial issues. The details of those efforts are included in the lawsuits."
Theisen finishes the five-event competition with 4,540 points, which betters the all-time college best of 4,507 that she posted earlier this year in Seattle.
One recent year we decided on Mediterranean feasting (a limoncello sparkler set the mood) while another year we sought inspiration from China, with a suckling pig as the piece de resistance. Yet another time we looked South of the Border, with carnitas tacos served on mini tortillas.
"I earn my dinner by going up and working out for an hour before I go home," Rothman says.
Rumors of the Mile-Square City’s possible newest resident already took to Twitter.
&hellip But at the bottom of the hill, how different -- the great, massive door of St. Dominic's Church was completely barricaded by rubbish of all kinds to its highest point.
Rapp disputes the notion that rescinding amnesty for Taylor would discourage other militants from cutting deals to end their conflicts, describing immunity and exile as ineffective inducements for lasting peace. "You just license further misbehavior," said the veteran criminal justice advocate.
Pittman said Paterno pushed his young players hard, once bringing Pittman to tears in his sophomore year. He realized later that the coach was not trying to break his spirit but instead was "bit by bit building a habit of excellence."
It was a tough defeat for the Blazers (32-25), who had won six in a row before the All-Star break but slipped from fifth to seventh place in the Western Conference.
St. Xavier University on the city's Southwest Side initially declined to provide information about the six reported sex offenses on its campus since 2005, such as location and date of the incidents.
composite index rose 21.96, or 1 percent, to 2,303.03.
But Greg Elwood of Winchester, Va., who worked 29 years as a controller before retiring last October, said he feels FAA should have two controllers on duty for the same reason airlines put two pilots in cockpits when a single pilot is capable of flying the plane alone -- it's a safety hedge against the unforeseen.
11037 St Francis Ln, $120,000
The Ohio Parole Board will now assign someone to review the application and investigate the case, which will include soliciting information from the prosecuting attorney, sentencing judge and police.
I was 6 years old. My whole family worked at the shipyard in San Pedro. Dad worked the swing shift. On this day, as on many days, we were on the Bellmont Pier. We were out there fishing when all these horns started honking and sirens went off. People started running out on the pier with the news. Guys were whistling and throwing hats. Some guys threw their fishing poles in the water. Dad said, ‘OK let’s go.’ We ran off the pier and he stopped at the first bar. He said, ‘Sit on this bus bench. Don’t move,’ He went in and came out with a bag of chips and a soda pop. He gave them to me and said, ‘I’ll be right back.’
Winner: Eagles. They traded up from No. 24 to No. 13, got a top pass rusher - Michigan defensive end Brandon Graham - and didn't have to surrender their two second-round picks to do so. While trading Donovan McNabb to the Redskins this offseason wasn't a wise move, Graham will give the Eagles a fine young pass rusher to get after McNabb twice a year.
Activities will begin with a flag-raising and ceremonies at Wilsey Square at 9 a.m. Monday. The annual parade will start at 10 a.m. at North Monroe and Godwin streets. At 6 p.m., Veterans Memorial Field at Linwood Avenue and Northern Parkway will have entertainment by Dad’s Night Band and The Manhattan Dolls, skydivers and twirlers, and fireworks at dusk. Admission to Veterans Field activities is $10, $5 for children, free for ages 5 and younger. Call (201) 445-2684.
But the house isn't finished. Collins would still like to add a curved outdoor fireplace to the patio, a fireplace in the master bedroom and a bathroom on the home's east side.
In fact, the state picked up the full difference and ran a surplus in the 1989-1991, through the 1999-2001 and the 2005-2007 bienniums. As recently as 2007, the state sent taxpayers an 18.6 percent kicker refund.
Reed, of Monroe Township, will serve with four more county surrogates in the state and five Superior Court judges on the committee to improve practices and procedures in the areas of estate, guardianship, and adoption matters.
i) Duck
"The market's so depressed," he said. "We're seeing some of these airplanes selling for less than 50 percent of what they sold for brand new." Several years ago, some planes actually appreciated in value because demand was so high, he said.
"That's the tough part of this business," Elway said.
The 37-year-old rapper got the minimum sentence Tuesday for his April murder conviction: 15 years to life.
8. We have a very diverse crowd now. We have the regular working-class people. We have lots of women come to our shows. I think it's because we're good looking. … If you go to any ordinary metal show, it's like spotting a rare bird, no pun intended. But now, it's a lot of women.
"He hit the ball hard," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "He centered the ball, he got his pitches and made solid contact. When you look at Mark, his numbers are going to be 30-plus (home runs) and over 100 (RBI). It's just how he gets there is a little interesting."
7213 Boellner Dr, $15,000
Spencer said a determining factor in the decision to acquire Jewsbury was the midfielder's voice on the field.
The county’s population has more than doubled to 805,321 since that last vote. More than half of Gwinnett’s residents now are minorities. Many of those new residents come from outside the region and may be less averse to public transportation. And as Gwinnett’s population has skyrocketed, traffic congestion has become a widespread concern.
"What we want is to give good information about the capabilities students have at different point," said board member Duncan Wyse, who has been charged by Gov. John Kitzhaber to help draft new ways of budgeting in education. "But we’ve created a box that says this is the number. And because of the high stakes, we're driving everybody to that specific number when we know kids have a range of abilities."
Other cool things: Vampire Weekend hits Hard Rock Live on Oct.11, and the always utterly amazing mayhem of The Flaming Lips will be unleashed Oct. 14 at House of Blues.
Within a mile, the trail separates from the creek and heads toward an old corral, a good turnaround point at about four miles from the trailhead. The trail veers to the right of the corral and heads north another mile up a ridge and then down into Jacks Gulch, but only hikers with good route-finding skills should continue as the trail turns sketchy in a few places.
Leonte Caroo, WR, 6-1, 205, Don Bosco Prep/Edison
Sunnis blame Shiites for supporting the brutal Shiite-allied regime, and Shiites fear what could happen to them if the uprising succeeds. The killings and distrust have shattered decades of peaceful coexistence, raising the specter of the type of sectarian war in neighboring Iraq that has long terrified many Syrians.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Shearer's Marketplace, the company store of the snack food-maker in the Stark County village of Brewster, offers a hitching post to customers who might trot up in a buggy. But don't let the Amish Country charm fool you.
Stu Sprecher, Isaac's father, noted that his son earlier had been on a team that won an Illinois state bass fishing championship when Isaac was a sophomore at the Rockford (Ill.) Christian School before moving to Longmont.
"In politics, an absurdity is not a handicap." -- French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte.
"Pass the sweet rice, please," squeals my younger sister Jessica, oblivious to the bliss I'm experiencing. She playfully nudges me to hurry up.
Consider the latest available statistics, for transplants performed between 2002 and 2004. Nine lung programs failed to meet the minimum Medicare standards for survival, number of surgeries or both.
Those of you with practical degrees have probably never heard of an oligarchy. Let me define it for you. It is a society in which power and wealth belong to a privileged few, but its most telling feature is the lack of a large and robust middle class.
Tuck, one of the few prominent holdovers from that Super Bowl XLII championship, doesn’t want to wait for his next shot. In many ways, he has been the embodiment of this Giants team: Spectacular at times and invisible at others, alternately fantastic and frustrating.
If a pattern of misbehavior is found, the Sheriff's Department could be subject to a federal consent decree like the Los Angeles Police Department's after disclosures of corruption by its Rampart officers. The Los Angeles consent decree was in place for nearly a decade.
"It's a roomful of hundreds of your favorite television stars," Fallon said. "And really, everybody at home wants to see their favorite stars, so I want to get as many people involved as I can -- whoever will do a bit with me."
Estimates vary widely of how many uninsured people will get insurance once it's required in January 2014.
63128 South County; prices up 8 percent; median price $175,000; 49 homes sold.
Pinal County's top prosecutor has asked a special panel formed to investigate alleged violations of public trust to review claims made against Sheriff Paul Babeu, and Attorney General Tom Horne said he will investigate Babeu at the embattled lawman's request.
A state transportation grant is financing much of the planning work for the station.
"This is a radical bill," said attorney Rob Corry, who specializes in medical-marijuana law.
The workers left after 30-minute sit-in. "We're not done fighting the battle," Ehret said.
tables or provide free services to the community. The Rahway Branch YMCA will host a free Zumba class at noon and NY Life Insurance Co. will provide free child ID’s all day. The Rahway Branch NAACP will offer voter registration. There will also be a free moon bouce for children sponsored by PayChex Payroll Services.
DRUG POSSESSION: Police arrested a man for possession of a controlled substance at 10:06 p.m. April 18 in the 7500 block of Michigan Avenue.
Pallone acknowledged an immediate reinstatement of the moratorium would be unlikely, but he said he is hopeful a letter-writing campaign to by congressmen, senators and others opposed to offshore oil drilling will convince Obama to reverse course.
Along with the structural upgrades, the downtown has been experiencing a culinary makeover for most of the past decade and now boasts wine bars, storefront tasting shops and enough chic, tony eateries - Neela's, Ubuntu, Morimoto, among others - to rival its Napa Valley neighbors (except, possibly, Yountville).
The AP learned about the thwarted plot last week but agreed to White House and CIA requests not to publish a story immediately because the sensitive intelligence operation was still under way. Once officials said those concerns were allayed, the AP decided to disclose the plot Monday despite requests from the Obama administration to wait for an official announcement Tuesday.
6766, Mary Murdoch, Glen Ridge, 4:13:46.
What's the common link? 1) Less money for public schools. 2) More drilling off Florida's coast. 3) A ban on gay adoptions. These are all things most Floridians oppose — and things supported by the man they just elected governor.
Two corrections officers were put on leave because of the escape.
Williams said he had answered questions at the police district and wanted his case to be considered an assault. Police said they had no record of his visit.
If swing voters ask that question, and vote accordingly, Romney may find that his primary season Achilles heel has become his saving grace. And Obama may find that his presumptuous promises of second-term flexibility never come to pass.
The department continues to work with the Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office in the investigation.
Per (3/4-cup) serving: 170 calories; 3.5g fat; no saturated fat; no cholesterol; 30g carbohydrate; 6g protein; 4g fiber; 220mg sodium.
It was Obama's fourth trip to Afghanistan, his third as commander in chief. He was about seven hours on the ground in all. He also visited troops at a hospital at the Bagram base, awarding 10 Purple Hearts.
David Robertson is the likely candidate to replace Rivera as the Yankees' closer, though stepping into the shoes of the greatest closer who ever pitched will be a daunting task.
The company has been on the defensive with Wall Street after losing $3.14 billion in 2011 and because of the years-long decline in sales at its Sears and Kmart stores. Revenue at U.S. stores open at least a year, a key indicator of retailers' performance, fell 2.2 percent last year.
President Obama's bracket - unveiled today on ESPN - is going with North Carolina over Kentucky for the championship.
The Cardinals expected pitching to be their strength this season. So the loss of Chris Carpenter for at least a few months punches a hole in their rotation. Even if Lance Lynn does a solid job filling in, the Cards will miss Carpenter's leadership and his love of big-game challenges. Adam Wainwright will fill some of the leadership void, but a hole will remain.
The fate of a civil unions bill has dominated the session ever since it passed the House Judiciary Committee last week with the support of Rep. B.J. Nikkel, R-Loveland, who enraged social conservatives with her vote.
To help relieve your symptoms, antihistamines that can be bought over-the-counter are available in eye drops, nasal sprays and oral medications in pill or liquid form. Decongestants can help relieve a stuffy nose. Your doctor may prescribe higher-dose medications if your symptoms persist. If those remedies don't work, immunotherapy is the next step - allergy shots.
"We brought in girls with the right mental make-up," he said. "It takes a strong young adult to go through the growing pains."
Hatfield declined to talk about the details of the murder case for fear of compromising the prosecution. But authorities have said the marriage was troubled, and that the couple had been fighting on the morning that Winkler told a neighbor that his wife was dead. Deputies found Rachel's body inside the home.
Admission costs 40,000 dong -- slightly more than $2 -- with children receiving a discount. There are additional charges at each stop -- $3 to enter the water park and $2 for the zoo.
In the second phase, $1 million was given to nonprofit organizations for specific projects.
But nobody's caving, he said, adding: "I don't mind being held accountable."
Kansas City and Overland Park police made several drunk-driving arrests with a sobriety checkpoint and saturation patrol Saturday night and Sunday morning.
According to Dave DeBlasio, a former administrator in and current critic of the Houston system who now runs the popular blog houstonisdwatch.com under the pseudonym Judd Bingle, Dance has been criticized in the past for missing a large number of work days and "not necessarily being truthful" in matters regarding firings in the system.
NEW YORK - The reputation that Jamie Dimon honed for decades on Wall Street has been severely damaged in a matter of days.
“I told him, ‘Don’t do anything stupid,’” Nyugen said. “I tried to grab him.”
At the same time, lawmakers extended the amount of time the unemployed can receive the 65 percent subsidy from 9 months to 15 months.
This place matters: The Polasek Museum
Southfork Road. Cost: $140. Advance registration required. Call 314-268-4669 or 1-800-554-9550.
Coca-Cola has pumped up its traditional advertising, including online ads. PepsiCo, which has lost market share in recent years, maintained some traditional ads but also steered dollars toward it Pepsi Refresh Project, an online donation program meant to build brand awareness.
√ Stephanie Cahill 535
"You have to grow business inside your state," he said. "It's the most efficient economic model there is."
New Jersey winger Petr Skora, who tied the game at 3-3 with 8 minutes, 38 seconds left in regulation, wasn't surprised by the Flyers' in-game turnaround.
øDifficult customers. Yes, you read it right! Be thankful for those tough-to-handle customers: They help you to grow and expand. We can learn from everyone and everything no matter how difficult the person or situation. Pema Chodron, author of The Places that Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times, says that difficult people are the greatest teachers. Drop them a note of appreciation for helping you to become a bigger and better entrepreneur.
4 Hands Bonafide Russian Imperial Stout
Tenants of the 295,000-square-foot campus include engineering, information security or defense-related companies like SafeNet, JANUS Research Group Inc., George W. Stephens Jr. and Associates, Inc., Applied Research Associates and Booz Allen Hamilton.
“On the way home, he asked me, is 9/11 a celebration day?
The details: Amid all the candied, overwrought specimens of Zinfandel that have left their original partisans scowling, there's still room for hope. Look no further the 2008 Storybook Mountain Mayacamas Range Estate Napa Valley Zinfandel ($34, 14.7%), a savory, floral take on Napa Zin that smells like plums and tulips in a wooden window box. Jerry Seps is a master of Zin nuance, as this latest example shows. Or look for the 2009 Bucklin Bambino Old Hill Ranch Sonoma Valley Zinfandel ($24, 15.2%), a young-vines effort from one of Sonoma's oldest vineyard sites. It's not only an homage to proper field blends (Petite Sirah, Alicante Bouschet and more appear), but it also offers that perfect mix of bramble fruit and dark pepper spice, with raspberry jam and bay leaf tones. Both are perfect choices for when holiday roasts come out to play.
In comparable driving, a 2012 Volvo S60 averaged only 19.4 mpg from a 3-liter, turbocharged, six-cylinder engine.
In a skillet over high heat, add enough oil to lightly coat surface. Add vegetables and 1 tablespoon of the butter; quickly saute to brown slightly but still retain slight crisp texture, about 1 minute. Remove vegetable mixture to a separate bowl and set aside to cool.
NEW YORK -- Gwen Stefani is no stranger to multitasking, juggling her music career -- she's wrapping up a new album with No Doubt -- and her fashion projects, which include the debut of the newest Harajuku Mini collection at Target next week.
BERLIN - Berlin police say officers found three improvised pipe bombs on the sidelines of a huge leftist protest march.
One of the most critical things that credit scoring looks at is the amount of credit you're using. The amount you owe counts for 30 percent of your score, and the proportion of credit you're using is part of that category.
Bucks just 6-12 on the road, but one win in Cleveland.
Investigators questioned and charged the two suspects, then got a warrant to search their apartment, where they found Barge. Police also suspect the three alleged bandits were planning additional robberies, captain said.
Streak overcome
The verbal onslaught had been anticipated for days and unfolded at a nearly relentless pace.
For companies such as US Fidelis and National Dealers Warranty, product warranties offer at least one big advantage over traditional service contracts.
Start off with banh xeo, a rice-flour crepe studded with shrimp and pork. A pair of salads - spicy beef salad and green papaya - practically redefine the category. Inhale the fragrance of pho, beef broth stocked with sirloin, brisket and meatballs. Noodles like rice vermicelli with marinated pork and sausage go where other noodles rarely go. And the scent from crispy lemongrass chicken is as alluring as Chanel No. 5.
In other words, you're not winning. You're never winning. So why all the stories this week on what to do with your winnings?
(05-09) 17:01 PDT HELSINKI, Finland (AP) --
Norris' jazz riff on themes within pioneering 1959 drama "A Raisin in the Sun" requires no prior familiarity with Lorraine Hansberry's classic (although Center Theater Group has made that easier to obtain by simultaneously presenting the splendid Ebony Rep revival on Culver City's sister Kirk Douglas stage). If you don't recall the struggle of the Younger family to escape Chicago's inner city for a house in an all-white suburb, Norris has already firmly woven the passion underlying their dreams of ownership and identity into his own dramatic fabric.
"When you slide on the red clay you have a feeling you can stop and recover from that step. But here, whatever you do ... you are always slipping," said Djokovic, who hit 20 winners to 24 unforced errors. "Not a single player — not woman not man — I didn't hear anyone say 'I like blue clay.'"
Our oldest son was driving back to college in west-central Arkansas and lost control of his Jeep on a dark, rainy mountain highway in the Ozarks. He's mostly all right, so the story ends happily, but there's a cast of supporting characters and strange circumstances which deserve recognition.
In the pool, that can be deadly.
Not to miss: The ever-present chickpea fries paired with pumpkin ketchup are a must. Also try seasonal salads, and the flank steak with blue cheese.
"When you're buying stock, you're gambling. You're taking a chance," Prokop said. At 86, he's not interested in gambling with his retirement again.
The episode was dedicated to the "BBQ Triangle - Kansas City, Houston and North Carolina." He picked Burns Original BBQ to represent H-town.
Red Bud, with about 3,700 people, is in Randoloph County, about 36 miles southeast of St. Louis.
They depart vowing to network. What will they find in the weeks and months ahead? The outlook is cloudy.
In the Wisconsin case, the Supreme Court determined that whistleblowers deserve more, not less, protection. In a variety of ways, Mr. Lager's proposal does the opposite. It adds damage caps, which will drive some cases away. It encourages judges to throw out more cases early in the process, which, ironically, is what happened in the Wisconsin case.
Teammates already are impressed by Pujols' adherence to routine. No swings are wasted, either during games or in the cage beforehand. Pujols typically takes swings in clusters of five or six, pausing to reflect on what is right or wrong.
The 11th Commandment: “Thy shy not speak ill of the Favorite Son.”
Ahmed Mohamed, who is the son of Mutt's co-owner, told The Record newspaper Adam's changed the name because co-owner Ed Madsen had held a trademark on it since 2006 and wanted to use it.
"I have a track record here of a man who is 72 years old who accomplished a lot in his life," the judge said.
“Why can’t it be Friday?”
Existing regulations that limit the transport of deer carcasses and deer parts outside the Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD) Management Area in eastern Allegany County would be modified to allow hunters to transport deer leg quarters out of the CWD Management Area and to take deer to approved taxidermists.
Through January, the necrosis persisted and the stump of Winter's tail shrank. Three vertebrae melted away.
"(Haitians) are still very sad -- very sad," Marcelin said. "Even right now, people are still crying in Haiti."
It initially showed up on cave walls but has become a pop-culture icon that now appears on everything from kitchen curtains to light switches.
Jacob Solomon (D), Patrick Fabian (M), Sam Firth (C), Will Brueckner (Aca), Matt Klein (C), Scott Guidotti (M), Seong Hyun Woo (D).
Geographic origins
Barton recalls salespeople arbitrarily raising the prices of furniture or real estate upon learning a customer was a GM employee. The wives of plant workers were denied employment by hiring managers who informed them a second job was superfluous in households where the primary breadwinner earned a union salary.
Write it down. If you're doing an internship for credit, you'll probably be asked to create a portfolio of your work to be graded. But take the time to do what Sarah Jackson did when she was doing her internship at the Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site. The McKendree University junior kept a log of what she did, but also of what she learned. It's a great way to chart your progress and to reinforce the knowledge or skills you've gained.
Newport-Mesa schools chief Jeffrey Hubbard was found guilty Monday of two counts of felony misappropriation for giving illegal pay raises to a favored employee during his tenure at Beverly Hills Unified School District.
15. Norfolk State Spartans
Another dramatic problem that police and social workers see is the rise in drug abuse and addiction, especially to heroin.
Cole is coming off consecutive losses to Arizona, Stanford and Oregon State, and is 0-2 in his previous two starts against the Ducks. ... Bauer, who was on the losing end of last week's 2-0 no-hitter thrown by Oregon State's Josh Osich, leads the nation with 142 strikeouts in 91 2/3 innings pitched -- an average of 13.9 strikeouts per nine innings.
Local Realtor associations are charged with the responsibility of enforcing the code of ethics. Anyone who believes a Realtor has not behaved ethically can file a complaint with the local Realtor association. All complaints must be in writing and filed with the Realtor organization no later than 180 days after the alleged violation.
Maybe that's one reason Dhillon says he has no intention of moving back to California. As far as he is concerned, Central Indiana is his home.
None of the roughly two-dozen reader submissions sent to letters@latimes.com (two of which were published on Monday's page) even attempted to note a remotely apologetic aspect of AT&T's grip on California lawmakers. Some readers pointed to the story as Exhibit A in the case for campaign finance reform; others were incredulous over legislators' attempts to deny that AT&T's lavish gift-giving in Sacramento had much influence at all over laws and regulations.
The city of St. Louis is dealing with a tree that's dead. It's covered by ivy on Mitchell at McCausland. Now it's the city of Maplewood's turn to do the same thing: a dead tree covered by ivy that's two houses east of the MetroLink station. It's either West Point Drive or Circle Drive. Let's see if they can do that and make them put the facade back on the building, and when the roof blows off put the roof back on the building. They don't seem to crack down on that owner.
Sneiderman’s life ended on a bright morning that carried the chill of a changing season. He died in an ambulance hurtling toward Grady Hospital from Dunwoody Prep, a pre-school his 2-year-old son attended.
"Those two collections tell the story of the development of the valley in detail from 1913 through the postwar shift from the Valley of Heart's Delight to Silicon Valley, the hub of the information revolution," he said.
And think of it this way: If you were one of those late-arriving connecting passengers, wouldn't you be relieved to know your next flight was waiting?
“They’re gonna call me a liberal loose canon,” Meade said. “But I’m more fiscally conservative than any of the five conservatives on the committee.”
The friendship began when Targett’s sons Matthew and Brian, now age 15 and 22 respectively, leased Boe for a month as a Mother’s Day gift in 2008.
A few heads turned. A couple of my fellow travelers actually paid a scant attention to my admonitions. "Really?" they responded.
Balfour, 27, Hudson's brother-in-law, stood quietly in Bond Court Wednesday as prosecutors revealed that gunshot residue was found on his car's steering wheel and alleged he lied about his movements on the morning of the killings.
"I'm looking at the positive," she said. "The street is going to look gorgeous when they're done."
Aldermen said Slay's approach is to leave benefits intact for retirees. Current firefighters would retain their old benefits, but the new system would cover future years. New hires would come in under the new plan.
With their first preview only a couple of months away, the producers of the Broadway musical “Rebecca” are still scrambling to raise the money to build Manderlay.
Because he brought Resorts back from the brink, Gomes considered himself a job creator. He also said the divisive flapper outfits were an expression of female empowerment.
"The first thing he said was, 'Gosh, you look so different,'" English said. "I told him, 'Yeah dad, we're not in Kansas anymore.'"
She wasn't kidding. Unlike most artists who simply shuffle their fans through with a few simple chicken scratches on a CD booklet, Del Rey spent a little too much time talking to each one, exchanging hugs and kisses, posing for photographs, signing body parts and showing the kind of gratitude for her supporters that was 100 percent real.
Barry and Colette Dejonge, of Tualatin, turned out and borrowed fishing gear to share with their children something they did long ago.
Last week's featured pet, an Australian cattle dog named Emma, is still available for adoption from the Humane Society of Missouri's Westport Area location.
There are two top All-Star reserve candidates in point guards Mo Williams and Jameer Nelson looking to make the squad for the first time.
"This is a species which is a poster child of species that are targeted by global warming," said Stuart Pimm, a professor of conservation ecology at Duke University.
Republicans, hoping to make inroads with the fast-growing Hispanic population, are wary of being portrayed as xenophobic. Democrats fear the characterization that they are weak on national security.
In September Swanson wrote a letter to Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and U.S. Associate Attorney General Thomas Perrelli, saying that any multistate foreclosure settlement should have "teeth." Any settlement shouldn't release banks from liability for conduct that hasn't been investigated and shouldn't compromise the due process rights of any individual citizens, she said.
A patient in Room 306 of the Meadowview Psychiatric Hospital reported a bite on Jan. 11 and subsequent testing revealed that there was a bed bug infestation in Room 306 and bed bugs were found in Room 307 as well, Hudson County spokesman Jim Kennelly said.
Mary Elizabeth Witherspoon says in the filing she found out about her husband's Jan. 12 marriage to Taylor from a wedding announcement that appeared in The Tennessean newspaper. She says she confronted her husband about the marriage and he said he didn't recall marrying Taylor, who did not respond to a letter from Mrs. Witherspoon about the situation.
"The flu shot, that's like taking a flu virus and grinding it up into little bits, purifying it and then injecting it," says Eisenberg. "There's no possible way you could get the flu from that."
Ratepayer outcry over bioswales and bikes has been fierce. Commissioner Amanda Fritz last reported that she's answered about 100 e-mails on this topic.
The fine, blood money, has yet to be set in a deadly feud between two clans, the Galals and the Rashaydas. It is a complicated case, but the deaths of five Rashayda men left no mystery: Saied Galal and a band of well-armed relatives shot the five after Galal accused them of killing his son.
Their first hit, "A Fool in Love," was recorded in 1961. A 1971 cover version of John Fogerty's "Proud Mary" became their signature tune. Ike and Tina divorced in 1976.
While new homes represent less than one-fifth the housing market, they have an outsize impact on the economy. Each home built creates an average of three jobs for a year and generates about $90,000 in taxes, according to the National Association of Home Builders.
"At this point, we're still saying natural causes," Chappelle said. "Cliff wants to talk to (Mitchell's) family first before releasing additional details."
That means people with permits can pack concealed guns, said Di Saunders, spokeswoman for the university system.
Capt. William Nagle, of the vice and narcotics bureau, will take Keesee's place, and Capt. Jennifer Steck, who occupied Keesee's new position as USAI coordinator, will move to Lamb's office.
The Justice Department filing says the law's minimum coverage provision operates as a tax, and thus is "squarely within Congress' power to regulate interstate commerce, lay and collect taxes and enact legislation." It argues the mandate is necessary to keep taxpayers and insurance companies from footing bills for the uninsured.
And, of course, Squire's shop carries her cards with slogans such as "Wipe That Look Off Your Face" or "Happy New Baby" printed on a chic, cute polka-dot background.
Think Brilliant declined to disclose terms of the settlement, but company founder Aviv Hadar said it frees its business to resume developing software whose ownership had been in dispute.
The U.S. EPA fined the company $150,000 and Ohio Fresh Eggs agreed to donate another $150,000 to environmental groups for that violation.
The Padres tied it in the fourth on consecutive RBI singles by Alonso and Jesus Guzman, but were robbed of at least two more runs by Ty Wigginton's diving stab of Parrino's liner down the first-base line with the bases loaded for the final out.
I guess we will have to wait for the state to impose a stringent tax cap levy of 2.5 or 2.9 % next year and take this out of the hands of the local elected officials. Don’t bet on it though because there is bound to be a loophole and the local council majority (if they have a mayor on their side) will drive through loopholes on the way to your bank account. They won’t pull out copies of the last three adopted budgets and see that actual expenses were less than the budgeted expenditures (i.e. appropriated revenues). How can the council majority led by Mr. Bruno effectively govern through financial issues for our town if they can’t or won’t read the last three years annual financial statements to learn how the surplus is calculated?
If the proposal prevails this time, California would become the 35th state mandating parental involvement when a minor decides to terminate a pregnancy.
That challenge, coming on the back of Mr. Romney's tax release, was all the more reason for him to change the narrative by seizing on a big idea like comprehensive tax reform. He could have underlined how the tax code that Mr. Obama wants to further contort only undermines growth and leaves average Americans paying a higher effective rate than does Mr. Romney. Instead, he complained that Mr. Gingrich's tax simplification plan would let off rich guys.
Recently, a non-partisan group of school board members, parents and local and county elected officials joined together to form the Fair Funding Action Committee — the latest in two years’ worth of efforts to acquire additional funding for their respective school districts.
Using an online interactive tool called Virtuwell, 23,000 patients have received a treatment plan often including a prescription, after answering questions about their condition and medical history.
Miller said that linking Portman to Bush will not move voters.
While seafood is still at the core, there are now meat dishes, including, on the most recent menu, a hanger steak with celery root mashed potatoes ($28).
Add a chopped hardboiled egg or egg whites to a salad to bump up the protein and make it more filling.
By far, the analysis shows the biggest chunk of savings would benefit local governments which would net some $1.1 billion a year, the projections shows.
"No one is more frustrated than the mayor by the lack of progress on SafeGround," said Kunal Merchant, Johnson's chief of staff.
Cleveland United 2, Oak Ridges Knights 0
“They need to know how to work in swift currents, to remove people from submerged vehicles, and to handle emotionally distressed victims,” O’Donnell added.
Mission: Impossible - Visitors waiting in the queue are recruited as sleeper agents before climbing aboard a military-style vehicle for a 4D special effects ride through action scenes inspired by the Tom Cruise movies. The ride appears to employ motion based simulator vehicles similar to the Amazing Adventures of Spider-man at Universal's Islands of Adventure theme park in Florida.
"Our goal is to create a sustainable Portland-based company that'll be here forever," Sanders said.
Toile napkins, feather-handled flatware and a dome worthy of a butler make for the perfect place setting, created by Hansen. The quill-handled flatware is $45 for a five-piece place setting at Pottery Barn. The napkins are $32 for four at Williams-Sonoma. The white dinner plate, $12, blue and white Mottahedeh dessert plate, $45, blue and white Mottahedeh bowl, $55, glass dome, $25, etched goblet, $12, and horn napkin ring, $12, are all from the French Bee. For store locations, visit potterybarn.com and williams-sonoma.com.
M. Philip Lehr, Lutherville
The child's heart had ruptured - possibly from the CPR - and his diaper was filled with feces and blood. Prosecutors theorized that Yanes had sodomized the baby and the baby's heart exploded from the trauma.
"We view the city of Happy Valley as a strategic partner," said Fire Chief Ed Kirchhofer. "The annexation is an opportunity to further that partnership as we plan for the future redevelopment of our training center property."
If you have a problem, fix it. This is the simplest — and most overlooked — fix. Too often, people dig in their heels and defend the indefensible. This is what turns minor problems into major ones.
"Of course you need someone from the outside," Kalmanoff said, "if you have a corruption problem."
The expansion plan authored for the museum by New York architect Rafael Vinoly called for demolition of additions built in 1958 and 1983 in the center of the museum complex.
Also impacting the second phase of CityNorth is a pending Arizona Supreme Court decision on an almost $100 million economic-development deal with Phoenix.
Hunt also said two walking paths near the dog run should be moved to prevent the dogs from barking at the walkers.
Because concerts in San Francisco tend to start early and on time, dinner is either postponed until too late, or ends up being a quick, mediocre bite enroute.
"All these old movie palaces," Roesselet says, "are painted in turquoises and pinks and purples, colors you don't see anymore outside of Miami."
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- There's something to be said for being the stormee, the team that's good enough to cause opposing fans to rush the court when you lose.
Oregon Department of Transportation spokeswoman Kimberly Dinwiddie said workers recently have concentrated on building retaining walls and installing the artistic wall treatment along the underpass, part of the city’s Beauty and the Bridge initiative which features wall tiles of local flora and fauna created by Wilsonville students.
Then on April 22, federal agents arrived sometime before 8 a.m. at Ritacco’s home.
Of the many lessons Tahj Holden learned during his time at Maryland, perhaps the most applicable one in his post-college life has been this:
shinechicago.com.
3 egg yolks, beaten
Experts believe the region is home to at least 40 companies that sell vehicle-protection plans, which are often marketed as
"It was a bizarre (fourth) inning," manager Robin Ventura said of the circumstances that led to Seattle taking a 4-2 lead. "A blooper that falls in. It shows a lot of (Danks) to get through it, and then for us to come back. Stuff like that will happen over the course of the year. To put it aside and come back is big for us."
However, the Ohio Supreme Court disagreed with the method he used to belatedly acquit Smith and Allen and ordered him to send them to prison.
Irvine Unified ranked as the top district overall in the Register middle schools report. Five of the top seven ranked middle schools were from Irvine, and all Irvine campuses earned gold medals.
Rep. Bruce Braley (D-Iowa) has introduced Kadyn’s Act, named after Kadyn Halverson, who was struck and killed by a pickup truck last year while crossing a street to board her stopped school bus. Court records say that the driver was traveling 61 miles per hour.
"Most actors feel only one way," he says. "We're just grateful to have a job."
Early in his career, Mr. Kan developed an interest in renewable energies, and he still proudly shows a fading picture of himself as a young, long-haired legislator visiting a Colorado wind farm. He discussed wind power during a parliamentary session in 1982, drawing a rebuke from the then-minister of science and technology, who, according to the legislative transcript, chided him: "Don't use it as a reason to reject nuclear power; don't get too excited or carried away."
Genentech has been fighting for the broadened use of Lucentis since late 2007 when it sent letters to the ophthalmological community emphasizing that Avastin was not FDA-approved for treatment of age-related macular degeneration.
"Oh yeah, I watch your show," a prostitute tells Bagans as she's being arrested.
But he's also a major part of Ohio State's messy present. With the NCAA more than a month away from ruling on Ohio State's NCAA case, already honoring the coach at the heart of those violations is interesting.
Manager Kirk Gibson was a bit more cautious in his optimism.
That's the way Sale was -- bubbly but not a showoff.
WASHINGTON —The White House and Republican lawmakers set the terms for a looming tax debate today, coalescing around a possible temporary extension of existing income tax rates that would protect middle class and wealthy Americans from sharp tax increases next year.
"It can help demonstrate that your virtual behavior, online activities, are just as important, if not more so, than everything you do in your everyday life," he said.
Rangers' future has been at stake after falling into tax debts of 9 million pounds (then $14 million) since the takeover of Craig Whyte last May.
Price: Patties, $2.50; entrees, $8.99 to $15.99; soups, salads and sandwiches, $6.99.
somebody who is now collaborating with me to make sure that working
Some countries in the region, such as Chile, have already done this successfully, he said. And there will be a great window of opportunity for others to follow that path in 2010 because commodity prices are not expected to fall, he added.
By the way, because of the city's perch at the top of Monterey Bay, this stretch of coastline faces east, so you won't see the sunset over the ocean. But if you rise early enough, you can watch the sunrise.
State Sen. Christopher “Kip” Bateman attempted to stop the bill from being passed because he said it was being rushed.
But the price of a ticket was more than Audrey Jackson, 53, was willing to pay.
Last May, to deal with budget cuts, the department announced plans to close 70 of California's 279 state parks. Stearns said the department has since found partners or donors to keep 13 of the 70 parks open, with two more parks close to being added to the "saved" list.
A few steps from a Cadillac that has been covered in 120,000 coins, the curious also can view a decidedly different artifact: Lee Harvey Oswald's tombstone.
One new development is a pilot project. Each second-grader received an iPad, which is used in the classroom for reading, online research and spreadsheets. The district is also going to “cloud-based” servers to help further integrate technology into the classroom, Marlow said.
"Many of our students take Spanish for a variety of reasons," Reed said. "It's all around us, and they want to know how to speak it."
Armstrong must repay $788, the believed worth of his extra benefits, while Dye will pay back $738.
Perception and reality
Derek Brown has been indicted five times on felony charges of disrupting public service; Graig, three times. They also have been charged with burglary and aggravated theft.
216-221-3500
The Hulk's face even resembles Ruffalo's — tinted green and strained and bloated in colossal rage.
Whoever gets him is getting one heck of a talented athlete. He's fast. He makes cuts in full sprint and leaves guys embarrassed to even go home. He can turn screen passes into home runs. He's smart, likeable and just an all-around good kid, just like his buddy Clinton-Dix.
Butin advises utilizing vertical space for accessories and shoes. The shelf above the hanging bar can house hat boxes and shoes stored in clear plastic boxes. Side walls can hold hooks for handbags, and a corkboard can display jewelry. Belts get messy quickly, she warns, so rolling them and placing them in a basket is your best bet. You can also keep your go-to shoes in a basket on the floor.
Overall, the food quality at lunch might have been more consistent, but the workday atmosphere was more sedate. I overheard conversations about investing in oil pipelines, surgeries gone bad, and co-workers from hell. It was a far cry from the party we brought the previous Friday, when our table of men and women, young and old, gay and straight, toothpick slim and jolly round, laughed and told stories while the Guinness flowed.
- Place 50 percent shade cloth over tomatoes to keep leafhopper insects away and to prevent curly top virus. The virus affects more than 150plants in the Southwest, severely stunting and killing vegetable plants.
"We're talking about doing just a little extra," McMillan said. "This is what winners do. They go out with each other. They come into practice and work on their game. They come into practice and push each other. It may not always be what they're comfortable doing. But in order for us to become a better team and give ourselves a chance to win, not only in the regular season, but also in the postseason, we're going to have to do these extra things. Just one degree makes a huge difference."
øStill, Mourinho conceded that Bayern "deserve to go through."
The reforms had cut Medicare's annual deficits, though demographic pressures remained. Plenty of younger workers complained, understandably, about their high tax burden.
Operating in the shadows of the spotlight and attention was veteran Andre Miller, who had a pretty big night of his own.
Culling bears through hunting is the only tried and proven method of keeping wild animal populations in check, and as a side benefit, it teaches animals to fear humans. Without this fear of humans, future encounters will become more frequent and most likely more tragic.
Before the wrongful-death case could proceed, however, U.S. District Judge O'Neill was to determine whether a limit should be set on the financial liability of the two boat owners. K-Sea and Ride the Ducks, citing an 1851 maritime law, wanted their financial liability capped at the value of their vessels involved in the crash: $1.65 million for the tug and $150,000 for the duck boat.
A: Cheaptickets should have been able to give you reliable information about baggage fees and the airline you were flying.
14.9-ounce can Guinness beer
The highs and lows tell me the menu needs cutting. Clemons is a talented and ambitious guy. But it takes discipline to come up with ideas, then give them the ax if they don't work. I would say one-third of the menu could be trimmed. That would make quality control easier, and the remaining dishes could get even better.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Third Federal Savings and Loan and federal regulators have agreed to a framework for the Cleveland banking company to clear up concerns over its loan portfolio.
McGraugh said she's unaware of any Missouri court that has allowed experts to challenge the reliability of witness identifications.
After he returned to the locker room from his "SportsCenter" interview Friday night, Matthews was his normal low-key, matter-of-fact self. His game might be blowing up, but his ego is not.
"The back end of the taxicab was all the way inside," Hunt said. "I could see blood all over the sheets. The bed was on the floor when I looked in."
Labor improvements and flexible production were a start, but deeper cultural changes were needed if GM was to succeed in its quest to become competitive.
Former state employees are generally forbidden to work on a contract in which they were involved while on their agency's payroll for the term of the contract, according to auditors.
Normally the pool is closed for two weeks in May for annual maintenance, but this year a bigger project is underway.
In those plans, however, was not losing Fabick. Given the task of sticking with Emde, he was called three times for fouls that led to an exclusion, similar to getting sent to the penalty box in hockey.
The Gill campaign also tagged Rice for using $266 in campaign funds for an entrance fee to the New York City Marathon.
March said he found another man who had sold 131 of them to the same yard.
Islamabad is eager to free up more than a billion dollars in U.S. military aid that has been frozen for the past year and would likely only be released once the supply route is reopened. Another potential carrot could be an invitation to the NATO summit in Chicago on May 20-21, which will largely focus on the Afghan war.
The Ducks used their full-court press to gain energy and momentum, both of which they were desperately in need of. Add in the play of Woods inside — he was credited with blocking only two UCLA shots, but he altered many more — and the Ducks were rolling.
Cats Having Alterations Professionally (CHAP) neuters male cats for $40, females for $60 from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, April 7, at 180 E. South Street. Register by calling 330-724-6181 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.
Indiana Democratic Party Chairman Dan Parker said the party's lack of involvement in the primary race shouldn't be read as disinterest.
An unprecedented surge of children caught trudging through southern Texas scrublands or crossing at border ports of entry into the U.S. without their families has sent government and non-profit agencies scrambling to expand their shelter, legal representation and reunification services. On any given day this year, the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement has been caring for more than 2,100 unaccompanied child immigrants.
"Tough times demand creative and strategic thinking," Jackson said.
About 300 mothers and other relatives of missing victims traveled from other states to Mexico City on Thursday to march along the capital's main avenue on Mother's Day. The protesters chanted, "They took them alive, and alive we want them."
George, though, suffered a serious knee injury in 1962, and would never be the same player.
"I'm not kidding -- she said she ran the whole race that way and she seemed fine," said Gill, 39, of Cleveland, a physical therapist in the sports medicine department at The Cleveland Clinic. "I guess there's a whole culture out there about running these races barefoot or in socks, but I'd never seen it before and I was just glad to see she was OK."
"There's tension between legal departments concerned about 'genericide' and marketing departments concerned about sales," says Michael Atkins, a Seattle trademark attorney. "Marketing people want the brand name as widespread as possible and trademark lawyers worry ... the brand will lose all trademark significance."
During that course, I was driving solo. Imagine a minivan full of passengers running into trouble – and the driver has zero experience reacting to a skid, to a sudden situation in front of the car, to a tire blowout, to hydroplaning, to a pothole.
PER SERVING: 320 calories, 16 g protein, 29 g carbohydrate, 16 g fat (2 g saturated), 37 mg cholesterol, 170 mg sodium, 3 g fiber.
The project is funded by a sales tax of one-tenth of one percent that voters passed in 2009 to fund an overhaul of the county's emergency communications system.
"Savarin" (1977) contains multiple self-references. More than 10 years earlier, he had cast in bronze and painted an object from his studio: a Savarin Coffee can stuffed with soaking brushes, a figure for the logjam of ideas stewing in the painter's head.
You can continue to send Doug Lesmerises Hey Doug questions, but now you can also follow him on Twitter and ask questions to @PDBuckeyes.
Do you hope to see anything done differently in your business soon?
Source: From Neil Senturia's book "I'm There for You, Baby: The Entrepreneur's Guide to the Galaxy," which has more than 200 rules for entrepreneurs
So it's obviously cause for concern that the Kings owners are already trying to renegotiate the handshake deal.
Urged on by government warnings about saturated fat, Americans have been moving toward low-fat milk for decades, leaving a surplus of whole milk and milk fat. Yet the government, through Dairy Management, is engaged in an effort to find ways to get dairy products back into Americans' diets, primarily through cheese.
The power of knowing he had been a person who could apologize and who meant it, still helps me cope with losing him. It helps me to know he was at peace with his life and the kind of person he had been.
"It's very fluid," Flood said of his lone staff opening. "I want to bring the best person here. I want to bring the best person, the best football coach, the best recruiter. I don't want to sacrifice in any of those areas on anybody that we bring to Rutgers because we don't have to."
Q: How have certain buildings you've completed changed in your mind over time?
Eugene is Track Town, and the sport has a captive audience. The Twilight will draw a crowd and the fans will be appreciative of the performances in whatever events they occur.
DeGraw, who was at the bottom of the pack going into the results show and who has been in jeopardy almost since Day 1, faced off against Jaleel White. Each prepared a cha-cha. They danced side-by-side. The judges were basing their decisions "purely on the quality of the dances they're seeing right now." Oh, the drama!
"The No. 1 thing is hunting the ball on every play," Larimore said. "Last year, we'd take a couple of steps to the ball. They want us moving all across the field."
"Over the last three years, the tide has turned," he declared. "We broke the Taliban's momentum. We've built strong Afghan security forces. We devastated al-Qaida's leadership, taking out over 20 of their top 30 leaders. And one year ago, from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama bin Laden. The goal that I set - to defeat al-Qaida, and deny it a chance to rebuild - is within reach."
But Mimlitz is a doctor after all and he felt it was important to make the dip a bit healthier.
The top floor holds an exercise room, spa and rooftop pool and hot tub. The heated pool is especially inviting at night, when the illuminated Tower Life Building looms over it and is reflected in the water. Unlike many hotel pools, which close when the sun sets, it stays open until 11 p.m.
The gray-roan colt has never finished out of the money in any of his eight career races, posting four wins, two seconds and two thirds. He's among the best of five strong California-based horses in the expected 20-horse field. Of course, Baffert and Pletcher hold their usual strong hand, with two horses each in the 138th Derby. Harrington has his first.
Anthony Kim, Rory McIlroy, Rickie Fowler, Ryo Ishikawa and others dream of challenging him. They want to face Tiger. It's similar to what Nicklaus faced when he went from playing Arnold Palmer to Lee Trevino to Tom Watson and Johnny Miller.
 Second baseman Freddy Sanchez (right shoulder) threw for the first time since his rehab was temporarily shut down last week.
What makes Revel think it can succeed where everyone else has tried and barely succeeded, if not flat-out failed? Who knows. But after the completion of one of the largest government make-work projects New Jersey has ever seen, here it is, open to the public for an eight-week preview.
AKRON, Ohio — Bridget McCafferty is known as someone who likes to talk. But when the embattled former judge had the chance to testify on her own behalf, she was silent.
Alisa Hopper of Roseville, Calif., makes salvaging Grandmother's jewelry even easier: You can mail costume jewelry to her and she'll refashion it into a modern, wearable piece. See her creations at All Things Tinsel, her Etsy.com shop.
Reality Tour: The second full day "continues the focus on the U.S. occupation and militarization of the islands, and Hawaiian independence movement, beginning with an alternative tour of Pearl Harbor and the USS Arizona Memorial. The afternoon features a visit to Hanakehau Learning Farm, a project that offers a model for converting former military zones to peaceful and productive uses, by restoring farming in the wetlands on the shores of Ke Awalau o Pu'uloa (Pearl Harbor), followed by a trip to Ma ka hana ka ike to help restore traditional agriculture and aquaculture."
Disney is the leader when it comes to promoting and branding its characters. Just wait until the Marvel universe has access to the Disney marketing. Being part of a multi-billion-dollar conglomerate is helpful to the bottom line. If the comic division were to have a bad year, the deep pockets of Disney would keep it afloat. Oh, and did we say $4 billion in cash and stock?
Pujols' teammates also take heart in his long track record.
That's what he did with high-speed rail between Tampa and Orlando. There were no months of hand-wringing. Scott simply declared it too much of a taxpayer burden, labeled it "ObamaRail" (even though Florida Republicans touted it long before Obama ever entered the White House) and struck it down.
My third-grade teacher organized a secret Christmas gift exchange. On the big day, we sat in a circle to open our gifts in front of our classmates. The teacher instructed us to announce the name of the gift giver, who would stand and be roundly applauded.
So, don't look now, but ratings-challenged NBC is in serious danger of having a couple of quality hit shows on its hands. "Smash," the musical drama that premiered the Monday after the Super Bowl, seems to be living up to its name, wowing viewers and critics. Now here comes "Awake."
While the airline industry has enjoyed strong revenue growth and other carriers have returned to profitability in the past two years, "unfortunately AMR sticks out as an airline still generating losses," says Matthew Jacob, an analyst with ITG Investment Research. "I think it's something the board would probably consider."
"And yellow is going to win this year. Mark my words!" he added, rooting specifically for the 1980s, yellow carbon fiber monohull Taxi Dancer, which placed in the race's top 10 in 2011.
Continuing north, at the corner of Franklin and California, there's a knot of four Victorian landmarks next door to each other. The Edward Coleman house, a Victorian built in 1895 on the northwest corner of Franklin and California, is right across the street from where the fire stopped.
Anthony answered his critics who blasted his playoff winning percentage (32%) and his performance against the Heat after Game 3.
"I don't think it serves the status of the Cleveland hub to have elected officials jockeying for media attention and taunting one of our largest employers," he said. Continental accounts for about 3,200 workers at Hopkins.
Whatever the trigger, your breath can smell sweet again if you simply don't skip meals. It invites bad breath and it's a diet disaster -- your body starts hoarding calories, your blood sugar plummets, and the next thing you know, you're eating whatever isn't moving.
“We’ll have to be patient, but I feel very confident,” Lananna said. “They’ll develop during the season, but sometimes with freshmen, they’re not going to be ready on your timeline.”
“We will go into a location, whether it’s a mosque or a bookstore, if the lead warrants it, and at least establish whether there’s something that requires more attention,” Browne said.
Lincoln Center, however, is moving into the 21st century. Most of the original buildings were executed in a compromised "soft" modernism that offended no one. Except the critics, who saw it as a failure of nerve and vision. After one notorious thumbs-down by everyone assigned to cover the opening of the Metropolitan Opera House for the New York Times (myself included), a plaintive inquiry came down from the publisher: "Couldn't any of you have liked anything?"
"It was filmed in November, and it was magic," Bruno says. "This was the Depression, and ... there was no Fairyland, there was no Disneyland. There was no color in people's lives. But the Munchkin set, it was miraculous."
Starting: $61,800
Butler's homer in the first inning provided an early hint at a turnaround because the ball just cleared a leaping Aaron Cunningham at the right-field wall.
Registration – 9:00 AM Walk Begins – 10:00 AM
Opening Day is at least as much about the party as it is the game. It's The Show's show. In Cleveland, it also was once the Show Up. In the bad old days at Cleveland Municipal Stadium, a sizable chunk of the Tribe's season attendance came on Opening Day.
"He was so full of the joy of the Lord that I found it irresistible," Brand said. "He had a true, intimate relationship with Jesus."
He said that many people have the mistaken impression that Habitat for Humanity gives people houses. It doesn't. It uses mortgage payments to build more homes. It's a partnership, and the partners know the rules, he said. Denson was well aware of what would happen if she fell 90 days behind, Weeks said.
“This is a terrific group of people from 21 agencies that come together for the greater good of western Wayne County,” he said. “It's amazing that you can get this many people together from different agencies and cooperate as a team.”
However, in no other neighborhood have food, community and the San Francisco DIY spirit taken greater root than Hayes Valley. The area, which was once blighted by the earthquake-damaged Central Freeway, is now home to a handful of innovative, albeit temporary, urban projects.
"A lot of people don’t understand that the funk is about the joy, the love and the freedom," West said, noting he can still recall the first time he heard the song at a party.
We caught up with Oz and asked him his picks for the most healthful foods available in the Valley.
"It's really like police knocking on the door to your house, asking, 'Can I check what's going on?' "
• Jonathan Okanes, San Jose Mercury News: Backup quarterback Allan Bridgford says he will be ready if called upon: Despite the presence of fifth-year senior Brock Mansion, who started the final four games of the 2010 season, Bridgford won the backup job during training camp. He's appeared in three games this season in a mop-up role but has yet to take a meaningful snap in college. Tedford wouldn't say how he would split the first-team reps this week but made it clear Bridgford will get a legitimate look.
*Game 6, at Detroit, April 22, time TBA, TV TBA
Ambler will receive $1,000 and a free KitchenAid slow cooker.
What has happened in our economy has meant that those funds are challenged. What we have learned is that a lot of companies have stuck with us. They enjoy the Habitat experience so much that despite what's going on in the economy they have stayed with us, even if it is at a reduced dollar level.
Planning Commission Chairman John Dean said three members of the board do visit each site that's requesting a conditional use permit prior to making a decision.
In 2006, partway through her junior year in college, Zagunis put on hold her education at Notre Dame to devote herself to the 2008 games. She moved back to the Portland area to work daily with women's saber coach Ed Korfanty, Oregon Fencing Alliance fencing master -- and Ward.
The turn. One of the most critical moves - and controversial topics - is flipping the meat from the fat side to the lean side. Ideally, you want to do this just once. How do you know it's time? We'll get into that next.
Sales and profit multiplied since he took over as CEO in 2003. Monsanto's stock price, even after falling from its prerecession peak, had soared from $12 to more than $80 a share during Grant's tenure. What's more, the company's scientists had only begun to tap the potential of genetically engineered crops - the engine at the heart of Monsanto's growth machine.
Didn't civic leaders learn from last fall's St. Louis-centric special session, when the "China Hub" proposal failed? In the Legislature, this city has a target on its back. It's hard enough to get local leaders unified behind a project, let alone build a legislative coalition behind something important to the St. Louis region.
The Mehlville football team punched rival Oakville in the face Friday night at home.
The goal, Cherokee Chief Chad Smith said, is to spread the use of the language among tech-savvy children in the digital age. Smith has been known to text students at the school using Cherokee, and teachers do the same, allowing students to continue using the language after school hours.
"The Purina Beneful brand is about people having fun with their dogs, and the bond between them," said Perez. "We wanted to make a commercial that was not only for owners but also for their dogs so they can watch it together."
Music director Anita Ruth makes the most of the sumptuous score. Particularly admirable is the chorus, singing with enthusiastic verve and precise harmonies.
The Walker did not receive any Kony-related protest information, French said. "It could just be someone who was riding along with the activities elsewhere in the city. We're leaving it up to the police to discover."
"You don't have the luxury of giving up a lot of runs (when Cueto's pitching)," Correia said. "He was good. He was good tonight."
After that, the trail heads back up toward Skyline and crosses into the El Corte de Madera Open Space Preserve, and then into La Honda Creek Open Space Preserve (the preserve was recently acquired and is closed to the public while the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District fleshes out the hiking trails). From there, the Bay Area Ridge Trail winds southward across Windy Hill Open Space Preserve and Russian Hill Open Space Preserve, where it leaves the county.
Oregon starter Jake Reed gave the Ducks a good outing by going 6 2/3 innings, allowing five hits and striking out three. But he was touched up with enough timely hits to earn the loss while Gray remained in control most of the night.
This map shows publicly accessible parking facilities, based on Plain Dealer research. Click one of the listed attractions, such as the casino or the convention center, and you'll see which parking facilities fall within 500 feet, 0.25 mile and 0.5 mile of your destination.
As part of the donation, an in-store demonstration on how to use the defibrillator in case of an SCA emergency was provided for some of the Market’s staff.
postseason defeat (Game 2's 10-point loss in Miami) put them in a tie with the Memphis Grizzlies for the dubious record.
The latest study came a day after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released the U.S. smoking rate, which has remained at 20 percent since 2005.
Penn State players received word early today to report to the Lasch building — immediately igniting speculation for the worse since a meeting at that time was unusual.
1. Buy a home blood pressure monitor and make a pact with your husband to check your BP together every day. Seeing his numbers and what happens when he takes the meds may do the trick. Plus, you'll get a good sense of what's going on with your own pressure. It's a great habit.
7 p.m. Thursday
Origami Wildlife: A naturalist will demonstrate how to examine animal tracks and pelts and how to create a paper hawk to take home. Geared for ages 10 and older; ages 15 and younger must be accompanied by an adult. Registration required. Meet under picnic shelter at Gateway Plaza Trailhead. 11 a.m.-noon Sat, July
Academic rank: 58 of 516
"I'm here. Might as well do it all, right?" the woman said, shrugging nonchalantly.
Which team, public or private, has the skill, balance and intangibles to win a league title?
Place water in a large pot and bring to a boil. Add butter and salt. Remove from heat and add flour and cinnamon. Mix well. Add eggs and again mix thoroughly. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to fry.
Coalition members' meeting Thursday with Mayor Frank Jackson apparently didn't go well.
"They're just great people," said Joy Wright of Gresham, who has been buying the family's trees since 1982. "Jim would always remember us. He knew every year that I wanted a certain type of flocked tree. It's a really comfortable place."
The award ceremony takes place at 10 a.m.
So is she.
The Salvation Army, for instance, owns the building that houses its Tampa probation department, but the probation department pays $48,000 yearly rent to the Salvation Army Tampa area command. The local corrections program, which includes probation, gives 12 percent to the Salvation Army state headquarters in exchange for administrative services such as human relations.
Although he was weak, the father held his new baby for short time periods, and they were together as a family.
In addition, the restaurant offers two sake samplers, handsomely served in tapered glasses set in pastel Plexiglas boxes.
Feldman said she hoped that the East Cleveland school board, which oversees that city's library system, would visit Warrensville Heights' new library to see how much stronger their library could be if it merged with the county.
Founded in 1929 by Guy and Mary Saitta, El Sol is considered the oldest cigar store in Tampa. Grandson Robert Saitta runs the business today, selling and shipping El Sol Cigars made in small factories in Tampa, Honduras, Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic. Also available: antique cigar cutters and boxes and cigar label T-shirts. Old photos of the family making cigars grace the walls. 1728 E Seventh Ave., Ybor City, (813) 248-5905
Why do we think Crosby's peeps are behind this? The item reads: "'She is heartbroken, but she is already writing great songs about it,' the pal says. The singer will keep herself busy with an upcoming tour to promote her album Flawz, the friend notes." Way to stay on message.
re-splitting aces OK
I am responsible for the technical implementation of TextPower’s technology to provide businesses with state-of-the-art solutions that employ text messaging for website security, information delivery and control of remote devices.
-- BAMA gallery - 946 Bloomfield St.
NEWARK — N.J. Turnpike traffic was slowed on the inner southbound lanes near Newark after a pair of unrelated incidents around 9 p.m..
6567, John Jakubowski, Audubon, 3:34:39.
Wisniewski wasn’t the only legislator to send referral letters to the agency.
The 16-year-old football and track standout, the area's top prospect in the Class of 2013, made the announcement on his Facebook page and Twitter feed on Sunday. He also posted a photo of himself wearing a No. 2 Buckeyes jersey.
Qwest began its troubled path as a long-haul fiber network in the telecom boom of the late 90s. Helped by its sky-high stock price, it bought traditional "Baby Bell" phone company US West in 2000. It then was ensnared in accounting troubles.
I, for one, happened to enjoy those nighttime runs. Between the cooler temperatures and total seclusion, I found running at night almost blissful. Never mind the occasional leap into tall grass to avoid an oncoming truck. Others found this whole part of the experience terrifying.
California spent $277 per resident on its prison system, compared to $191 in New York, $190 in Michigan, $87 in Illinois and $112 in Texas.
A I wish I had words of wisdom. Long-term care insurance is among the more difficult products to decide on. It's also an evolving product that I think is heading in a good direction with intriguing hybrid policies combining life insurance or annuities with long-term care. However, these products are relatively new and complex. In the meantime, my advice on whether someone should buy a policy is essentially "it depends."
"I've been telling people that all day. It took me five years to get here but it's exciting and it's going to be a fun ride," he said. "We're definitely not looking forward to ending it any time soon."
South Carolina state Rep. Nathan Ballentine, a Wells Fargo mortgage officer in Chapin, S.C., was one of the first state legislators to endorse Romney - 11 months ago. Ballentine doesn't understand why his Republican peers aren't more bullish on Romney, who he says is just what the nation needs at this point in its history.
It's time _ way past time, actually _ for this fiscal insanity to end. If an owner such as Atlanta's Arthur Blank (estimated net worth: $1.3 billion) wants a new stadium, he needs to pull out his checkbook and pay for it himself.
The school's assistant principal discovers the gory remains of pompous prof the next morning -- talk about a lousy way to start your workday. Nick and Hank show up to investigate. "Death by rat?" Nick says, eyeing the gory remains. And let's digress to give a big round of applause to the creators of those gory remains, because they really are gory. Hank, sensibily, is creeped out by the rats.
In an interview days later, Smith acknowledged that he had struggled at times to control his class.
Ratner talked about how it has been a decade since he first talked to Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz about buying a team and moving it to Brooklyn. Markowitz, also in attendance, talked about how great a coach Johnson is, and put the pressure on King to build a winning team.
Winn's career tackle total of 131 matches Acho's from 2011 alone.
The Arizona law "potentially would allow someone to be stopped and picked up and asked where their citizenship papers are based on an assumption," Obama said in a recent interview. The president also supports the Dream Act, a proposal that would offer a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants who earn diplomas or serve in the military.
Yes. A draft of minutes is a "public record" under Section
Nopa, 560 Divisadero St. (at Hayes Street); (415) 864-8643 or nopasf.com. Dinner nightly, brunch weekends. Nopalito, 306 Broderick St. (near Oak Street); (415) 437-0303 or nopalitosf.com. Lunch and dinner daily.
Remember that today when blood pressures rise and anxiety churns as the state commissioner of education arrives for meetings, some open for public consumption, others likely more clandestine.
So is it worth it?
Truthdig.org
Arizona American Institute of Architects Home Tour
Especially neighborhoods in north St. Louis, where greater population losses have left some blocks nearly empty. The 2010 census showed that some north city neighborhoods lost more than 20 percent of their population in a decade, as against the city's overall population drop of 8 percent.
4.35m 14-03.25 3.35 3.50 3.65 3.80 3.95 4.10 4.25 4.35 4.45
Ardra Zinkon, director of Lighting at Tec Inc. Engineering + Design, was awarded the GE Edison award for Excellence in Environmental Design for lighting design of the Farmer School of Business at Miami University of Ohio.
Can you imagine the uproar from bureaucrats if someone suggested that we cut administrators by 50 percent?
It’s all a little bit embarrassing for the man many critics regard as America’s most important living literary treasure, but he appears to be taking it in stride.
Despite the turnaround, growth won't be sufficient to prevent America's unemployment rate -- now at a 26-year high of 9.8 percent -- from rising. Economists predict it will hit 9.9 percent when the government releases the latest snapshot on employment conditions on Friday. It's expected to top 10 percent this year.
Rowdy Tellez, Elk Grove .565
dramatic changes in the very nature of punitive damage awards."
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the host of the Laugh Track column, a man who is sure Ohio will decide the winner . . . Mike McIntyre.
Here are this week's featured neighbors in the Celebrate Your Neighbor Contest:
The NBC Website has a preview clip of the show, its tagline, "Once upon a crime," and the teaser: "Remember the fairy tales your parents used to tell you before bedtime? Well, those weren't stories, they were warnings."
In addition, the Cavs pick up a trade exception that could be worth up to $16 million. The way the deal works, the Heat are basically trading their salary-cap space for James, and it creates that exception. The Cavs can use that asset in a trade within the next year.
FELIX, MEET BRAD: Hernandez lost his first two career starts to the Tigers. Since then, he's 9-0 in 10 starts. It is the longest winning streak by a pitcher against the Tigers since Minnesota right-hander Brad Radke went 12-0 against them in a 16-start stretch in 2000-04.
North Tech
"If you're looking for a fastball out over the plate, you can't swing at a fastball inside, or a slider down and in," acting manager Scott Ullger said. "You've got to get something out over the plate to coordinate your plan, your frame of mind."
A: The first thing we did was eliminate places of fewer than 1,000 people. It is difficult to compare such small places to larger cities.
"I worry," the grandfather said as he surveyed the splintered pole near his front porch.
POLICE CALLED TO CONFRONTATION
Durable goods are products that are expected to last at least three years. Core capital goods are those products outside of defense and aircraft. The gains are being driven by tax breaks businesses receive for investments made this year, something Congress approved last December in an effort to give a boost to the sluggish economy.
According to figures Lombardi said were provided by the HPD, there were 1,057 crimes reported in 2010 and 1,101 crimes in 2011. City officials say there were 1,062 crimes reported in 2011, but a spokesman could not explain the discrepancy.
Volunteers also learn more about the nonprofits in their own backyard, where underpaid staffers and volunteers work tirelessly all year long.
I want to thank and praise Clackamas County Transportation Engineering for a remarkable response to my phone call. At 3:18 p.m. May 1, I phoned to alert them to a dangerous pothole on South Lower Highland Road. I also mentioned a second smaller pothole not far from the other.
Kansas attorney Kris Kobach, who helped write Arizona's new immigration law, said this wave is the largest and longest-lasting the nation has ever seen.
In October, the Prison Law Office wrote to Ryan, alleging problems with prisoners' medical and mental-health care and demanding a legal agreement to improve care in order to avoid a suit.
Complaint forms are available on med.ohio.gov. If you don't have a computer, you can obtain a complaint form by calling the board at 1-800-554-7717 or writing to Public Inquiries, State Medical Board of Ohio, 30 E. Broad St., Third Floor, Columbus, OH, 43215-6127.
Baltimore City Public Schools has an innovative oversight system worthy of consideration. Baltimore's mayor and Maryland's governor must agree on all nine board appointees. Four must have served in high-level management positions, three must have educational expertise, one must be a parent of child enrolled in the district and one must be knowledgeable about children with disabilities.
10:01: Looks like we're easing into the Best original Song...
Experts have attributed the decrease to several factors, including the economic downturn, tighter border security and state immigration laws. A 2007 Arizona law, allowed to take effect last year by the Supreme Court, prohibits employers from knowingly hiring illegal immigrants.
For the second time today, the surgeon watches the clock.
Matt Stone and Trey Parker crucified New Jersey Wednesday night on the latest episode of "South Park," taking aim at the reality 'stars' of "Real Housewives of New Jersey" and "Jersey Shore."
"She had made a significant suicide gesture and left a detailed note," Reichert said. "That note indicates very, very clearly that my client, Mr. Louis Perez, had nothing to do with the homicide. That note indicates fully and completely that Ms. Jessica Lopez committed the homicide."
There were other things too, like Shannon not acknowledging when her name was called, so shortly after they got back from the beach they set up an appointment with a child study team to evaluate Shannon. They were living in Minnesota then, and public schools handle the initial educational diagnosis.
It's a bit overstated to say that "The Prisoner of Azkaban" is the installment where the Harry Potter character comes of age. Radcliffe is becoming an adept actor, but the character's maturation from movie to movie has been too incremental to produce a believably teenage wizard, with girl problems and a wolfbane addiction. Nonetheless, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" is the first movie in the series that might keep the skeptics rapt until the next magic show.
Pitchers and catchers officially report to camp on Saturday. Spring's first workout follows Sunday.
Outlying areas in the state face far bigger challenges. They suffered big job losses as rural unemployment climbed far into double digits.
Despite not repeating as Class 1 champ, Potter was thrilled for Westminster.
Anyone tuned into a television or weather service last week would have been hard pressed to miss the news that dangerous storms were brewing in the Midwest.
Such an approach will put over $500 million into the city's general fund over the next 10 years – without new taxes! We can fix potholes, save our libraries and recreation centers, fund needed neighborhood infrastructure, prevent fire-station brownouts, and hire new police officers. No other plan can do this!
"If I go there -- oh, my, it's 'Evita'! -- I can get a little fearful," she says. "I have to stay right in the moment. That way, it doesn't feel like Mount Everest."
For skin that's healthy (an attractive color), wealthy (nicely plumped-up) and wise (flexible, with a ready memory), you have to do more than splurge on not-so-magic but oh-so-expensive cosmetics. You need to nourish your skin with fruits and vegetables. As Eve could have said to Adam, "The good news is that when you finish that apple, you'll look like you've been living in paradise."
This inversion will not be accepted quietly.
She’d just accepted a total of 14 military medals and badges for her brothers, her old buddies, during a ceremony for veterans hosted by the Gloucester County Freeholders.
His older brother, Eitan, who lives with Casspi in Cleveland, was a paratrooper. His younger sister, Aviv, currently serves the IDF. Casspi is grateful to the men and women who protect Israel’s freedom.
The bill already passed the House and has the support of Gov. John Hickenlooper. The literacy measure now awaits action by another Senate committee before it heads to the full Senate.
The penalties are the most severe in the modern history of the NFL.
Coach Pat Shurmur said he has not decided whether rookie Jason Pinkston will make the start at left guard. He said newly acquired Artie Hicks and John Greco are also working there.
Google, though it doesn't make devices, has digitized content from books and has its own e-bookstore. After Barnes & Noble began exploring a possible spin off of the Nook business, one of the parties it had discussions with was Google, people familiar with the matter said. But these people added that the talks were in very early stages.
Heat the oven to 450 F.
Ficalora became chairman of the company and the subsidiary banks since Jan. 1, 2007. Previously, he was chairman of the community bank since 2001.
Gov. John Lynch was at Portsmouth Regional Hospital, where the officers were taken. He asked residents to pray for the injured officers and Maloney's family.
Concessions have been steeper in the private sector, where competition is fierce, firms are struggling and nonunion alternatives abound.
Security at the funeral, which is being held at St. Mary of the Lake Roman Catholic Church, is extremely tight. State Police swept the church following an earlier Mass, before mourners are allowed in for the noon funeral.
Dr. Hilary Shapiro-Wright is a board-certified surgeon who is fellowship trained in breast surgery with SSM Breast Care at St. Clare Health Center.
That decision was the culmination of a week of hearings, during which Judge Nancy V. Alquist was originally scheduled to consider competing reorganization plans from Alter and Roebuck. Within days those arrangements were shelved and the two sides were talking about a joint plan. Alquist set a Friday morning deadline for the two sides to file their proposal, but they could not agree on terms.
Though “Mad Men” secured the Golden Globe for best drama, Showtime’s “Dexter,” about a creepily moral serial killer, scored two acting awards, one for star Michael C. Hall, and another for supporting actor John Lithgow, who said, “I’ve had the most wonderful time creeping out the entire country for the last six months.”
Q. My landscape poinsettias are beautiful but they have grown much too tall. How can I produce lower growing plants for next year?
"They've taken a tool and technology we used to help people get voter information and turned it into a very sophisticated way to do voter suppression tactics and annoy people with false and misleading information," said Scott Goodstein of Revolution Messaging, a Democratic-leaning mobile communications firm. "Worse yet, people are being charged to receive these messages."
"I had felt it earlier that summer, and it was as hard as a rock," said Muller's wife, Patricia. 'I told him it looked liked it was getting bigger. I didn't really think it was cancer, but I told him he should get it checked out."
Santorum's statement on JFK — in addition to his prior ramblings that President Obama is a "snob" because he wants everyone to go to college, that the president has a phony theology and his view that the free distribution of birth control will lead to increased promiscuity — is sufficient to conclude that Santorum is not fit for any elected office."
Larry Rosche's "Birds of the Cleveland Region,'' tells us that April is the best time for waterfowl, with up to 20 species of ducks and geese possible in a single day. Raptors are in full migration, too. By mid-April, shorebirds, gulls and terns are moving through. Later in the month, yellow-bellied sapsuckers, chimney swifts and flycatchers return, followed by kinglets, thrush, and the first wave of warblers and sparrows.
As recently in October, Stepp gave some evidence to Wichita police, who wanted to send it to Scotland Yard. Investigators there had developed new technology for detecting fingerprints, even ones that had been wiped off. The evidence was tested but nothing turned up, Stepp said.
Oregon defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti also expressed his disappointed in Harris.
The two made the dolls kiss before checking to see if the McGraw doll was anatomically correct. "There's nothing there," Paisley said in amazement.
Flowers was driving about eight miles east of Elsie when his car went off the road near milepost 27, plunged down a 10-foot embankment and crashed into a tree, Oregon State Police Trooper Dennis Thomas said. A passing motorist reported the incident and an off-duty paramedic was at the scene about five minutes later.
Jackson-Terry currently serves as principal of Holman Elementary School in the Ferguson-Florissant School District. She served for two years as an area coordinator for Special School District. Earlier in her career, Jackson-Terry served in the Clayton School District for seven years as a speech language pathologist.
"There’s no question that the public awareness on the residential side of pursuing these appeals is increasing," said David Wolfe, a partner with the Livingston-based Skoloff & Wolfe law firm, who handles appeals. "Saving money on their property taxes is the only silver lining in declining values."
Strickland waded through an enormous number of clemency requests during his final weeks in office. Bonanno's request was among more than 1,300 cases dating back to 2007 on which Strickland recently ruled. Strickland denied most of the requests.
Tressel wasnt surviving this. There was no way. He blatantly lied to his superiors and NCAA investigators, breaching explicit terms of his contract. But Tressel became leverage for the university with the NCAA. His bosses defiantly stood by him. Forcing out a coach they so staunchly supported just weeks earlier  and who was so successful against the Buckeyes arch enemy  sends another signal to the NCAA that Ohio State is sternly policing itself, purging the program of the root of the compliance problems.
The idea surfaced again last week in published reports quoting MoDOT Director Kevin Keith.
This team believes it is a gathering storm now, which, for starters, makes you chuckle about how bizarre this league can get, given where they were physically and mentally the last time they had to prepare for the mighty Packers.
To make dressing, whip egg in blender then slowly add oils then the rest of the dressing ingredients. Blend thoroughly and pour over the tortellini and tomatoes to taste. Sprinkle chopped basil over salad.
The first festival of its kind, this "zero waste" event pairs more than 75 yoga classes and workshops from famed instructors such as Shiva Rea and Seane Corn with live performances by musicians such as Cheb I Sabbah, Karsh Kale and the Touré-Raichel Collective, as well as lectures, eco-conscious shopping, a spa area and more.
And yet eyewitness testimony is indispensable in convicting many criminals. The system can't function without it. We can tweak police procedures so they don't bias witness responses. We can hope cross examination exposes any holes. But ultimately we're at the mercy of fallible humans.
"He came in and said, 'Everybody is going to say we have easy games coming up, that all we have to do is show up to win the games,' Batum recalled. "But he reminded us that we have to keep a good approach. That it is about us. We have to take care of business."
A: No, but it does suit my persona. You're right, everything about me as a DJ is out of style and out of step. I didn't grow up wanting to be famous or wanting to be a celebrity. I just wanted to share the music I loved by others and then moved into making music as a way of trying to provide an alternative to the landscape.
For her, April 18 is not a time for costume balls or Val Diamond, but a time that deserves a somber recognition.
FOP First Vice President Rick Snyder said the move would free up 20 to 25 IMPD officers to patrol high-crime neighborhoods on a typical summer day.
"It will provide first responders with essential information should there be an accident or the individual is unable to respond," Moeller said Monday at a hearing for the bill in the Senate Transportation Committee.
Unfortunately, this may all change if we don't take action. The administration's proposed budget for the 2013 fiscal year -- now in front of Congress -- includes a devastating 20 percent cut to planetary funding. A cut of that scale will eliminate several Mars missions, break international agreements that jointly support other missions, eliminate any large-scale "flagship" missions for the foreseeable future and force us to abandon any plans to explore the potential habitability of the "water moons" Europa and Enceladus, circling Jupiter and Saturn.
Our meal for six began with a series of eight cold dishes. All but one I've had on a previous visit - mushrooms with tripe, which had the bleached look and texture of white fungus. I was happy to have a repeat of the minute, precisely cut cubes of tofu with cilantro, the mildly sweet lotus root, the translucent mound of marinated jellyfish and the crunchy green radish pickles.
No. 4 Notre Dame (9-1), No. 5 Duke (11-3), No. 16 Lehigh (11-2), No. 1 Cornell (9-1) and No. 7 North Carolina (9-4) round out the top 10.
One of the nicest places I've seen is the entryway to Joppatowne on Route 40, which I think is a good example of how to make a fairly gritty, industrial road look better. There's a nice, stone-like sign announcing "Harford County," a more historic-looking sign for Joppatowne and an attractive, mixed-stone median with plantings in it.
The teen, described as mentally challenged, was taken to Oakland County Children's Village. An ambulance crew treated the 9-year-old at his home for a minor stab wound.
A couple of months later, Yeinira had another seizure. Yeinira "fell back, arched her back, and her feet twisted" as she fell onto concrete, her mother said, according to the investigative report. She again used rubbing alcohol and an onion to revive Yeinira.
A number of readers posted links to studies of the effectiveness of prayer in healing. Not surprisingly, some studies assert that it does help and some that it does not. Of course, there are many variables in these studies and it is easy to challenge their validity. Readers went back and forth on their acceptance or rejection of these studies.
And looking at the players left on the field, including the emotionally drained members of the OUS board, it's difficult to see anyone eager to take the ball on higher education reform and run with it.
No. 1 Alabama vs. No. 4 Stanford
"Revenue," DiVincenzo said.
About the only risk to the Mexican growers, experts say, is that a stray hiker or hunter could stumble onto a hidden field.
Other readers have simply found the coverage overkill. Enough on Baby Lisa, said one flatly. No more anything until we know more than speculation, at least not on the front page. What other (stories) do we get mention after mention after mention, all basically saying, We don't know?'
22920 Woodward, Ferndale
Horvitz said he placed his first call to Gribbon on June 29, the very day Rub announced his decision to go to Philadelphia.
The law requires insurance companies to spend at least 80 percent of the premiums they collect on medical care and quality improvement or return the difference to consumers and employers. Although many large employer plans already meet that standard, it's the first time the government has imposed such a requirement on the entire health insurance industry.
1 tablespoon passion-fruit puree
According to Football Outsiders, the Giants’ offensive line was ranked sixth in the NFL in pass protection and the run game has come on of late.
That sounds like a primary fight is brewing.
Although possessed of a shattering stiff arm and an even more devastating forearm shiver, which he liked to unload on underized cornerbacks and safeties, Pryor did not relish contact to the same extent as Auburn's Cam Newton, last season's Heisman Trophy winner. Pryor ran out of bounds often for a 6-6, 235-pound guy.
"The kid he lost to in the quarterfinals (Davonte Mahomes of Oak Park River Forest) was the eventual third-place winner -- he had been on that stage before and he definitely came to wrestle," Kirgan said. "Chad lost 6-4 in the wrestlebacks (to Justin Weber of Lincolnshire Stevenson), but he was right there."
The Ohio Restaurant Association, however, said it had noticed an uptick in consumers spending more during happy hours and on more expensive specialty drinks with flavored liquors.
"We're working as quickly as we can," Aknin said, "while keeping the neighborhood as informed as possible."
It all began with a photo of my uncle.
Actually, Stevens and his three partners for years had been investing the money for their own gain in central Oregon real estate.
While acknowledging humans contribute to climate change, Christie called the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative a "gimmicky" partnership and said it does nothing to reduce the gases that fuel the problem.
The architecture creates its own aha moment: The unassuming, narrow stairway leads to an expansive room with terra cotta tile floors, equally rustic exposed brick walls, high ceilings and dark wood. Above one of the tables, on a small shelf, sits a collection of family photos, a warm yet subtle reminder that this is a family-owned business and has been for some decades now.
Patients diagnosed with melanoma will be invited to participate in a research project that aims to improve melanoma treatment and prevention. In this groundbreaking study, researchers will collect all of the known and possible risk factors for melanoma from the participants. In addition, genetic information will be collected to test whether changes in certain genes can increase the risk for melanoma.
But the quality is high, the staff friendly and the food scrumptious. Aside from the impossibly busy parking lot, there's not much to complain about. The bento boxes are traditionally Japanese, featuring items like tonkatsu (breaded pork cutlet) and assorted crispy tempura; the udon is soupy and chewy; and the rice is cooked to perfection every time. But the fish is the star here and it's treated with respect by the exacting sushi chefs.
"My pet peeve is those people who fly seasonal flags instead of the U.S. flag, especially on the holidays. That's like slapping America in the face."
Harrison Dillard (in outside lane) wins the 1948 Olympics 100 meters (in Italian)
When asked whether there might be any complicated dynamics between a white director and two largely black casts, Mann says it ultimately comes down to trust. "I've directed so many plays by and about people of color, both African and African American," she says. "As Blair said to me, 'You have a lot of street cred in the black community.'"
You may need a lab coat to fully appreciate Mandalay Bay’s newest epicurean experience, Fleur. From the mind of culinary whiz and “Top Chef Masters” cheftestant Hubert Keller, Fleur is Sin City’s first restaurant to offer cocktails infused with liquid nitrogen. Even without a degree in chemistry you can enjoy the outlandish tableside presentation that freezes your drink into a delicious boozy sorbet. After imbibing like a mad scientist, try one of Fleur’s signature flights. The aptly named Decadent Flight includes white chocolate, chocolate coconut and espresso martinis. The restaurant also features one of Vegas’ largest collections of absinthe, as well as a secluded wine room that houses more than 3,500 vintages. We’re told the menu of gourmet small plates is impressive as well, but we were too mesmerized by the nitrogen infusions to make it to our table.
Clever crafters today are turning pages into pretty: beads, bowls, baskets, photo frames, mirrors and more. It's all made by rolling strips of shiny magazine paper, junk mail and other paper trash.
One of the abortions, however, didn't go as planned, and Maryland officials ordered Brigham, 54, to stop practicing medicine in the state. Police raided his offices and yanked two of his colleagues' licenses in Maryland, and New Jersey authorities are also seeking to take his license away.
Besides Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, The Hulk's services are needed because the Tesseract exudes a radiation that will help track it, and The Hulk -- despite the threat of his gigantic, green volatility -- knows a little something about gamma rays. There's also master assassin Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and super spy Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson).
"Every single one of you loves and adores and cares for kids –oh, yes you do," said the Salem Democrat. "Today, it is again about kids who are where they are because of adults."
Assistant Atty. Gen. Lanny Breuer, head of the Justice Department's criminal division, said the arrests, fourth in a series of Medicare fraud takedowns over the last two years, served as another warning to future scammers.
"What a strange weekend, and it's going to get stranger (today)," Ryan Hunter-Reay said.
Environmental groups discovered late last year that the mitigation plan submitted by the South Fulton Municipal Regional Water and Sewer Authority rested in part on restoring a Heard County sod farm owned by Georgia Department of Natural Resources board member Aaron McWhorter.
Better still, don't make principals responsible for reporting incidents. Some try to improve their schools' or their own images by underreporting violent incidents. Vallas should explore giving school police officers or another third party the authority to report incidents to the district.
Date Taken: 3-27-12
What: Taste premium sakes and sample Japanese food, with proceeds benefiting the Tsunami Relief Fund.
And Antioch English teacher Sherri Livingston and her Deer Valley High School English class collaborated on a "Hunger Games" bread that was inspired by Prim's goat cheese and the agricultural bounty of District 11. The result is a slightly sweet, oversize, crescent-shaped roll -- stuffed with savory goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, pesto, nuts and seeds -- that not only garnered a substantial share of the popular vote, but delighted our tasting panel, too.
And then Hall tweeted the worse news about five hours later.
Apart from the government sector, losing sectors in June included Mining and Logging, Manufacturing, Trade/transportation/utilities and Information. Gainers on a seasonally adjusted basis included Financial Activities, Professional and Business Services, Leisure and Hospitality Educational and Health Services, and, barely, Construction, which added 2,700 jobs in June, 200 more than typical seasonal variations.
Hoffman was undefeated as a pitcher in 13 starts this season, helping Desert Ridge earn its second consecutive state title and Player of the Year award. Last year, current Arizona State pitcher Jake Barrett was named Player of the Year for Desert Ridge.
McCrory, 55, said in an interview his decisive primary victory "gives us very strong momentum going into the general election ... Now our goal is to expand that base to more independents and more Democrats."
CARD spokeswoman Elizabeth Davis said Bitzer's commitment to parks has played a huge part in the group's success.
Tickets are $37.50-$49.50, and go on sale at 11 a.m. Friday at Livenation.com, 800-745-3000 and at the Scottrade Center box office. The Peabody Opera House box office is only open day of show.
But in 1994, then-Gov. Christie Whitman vowed to give New Jersey’s colleges and universities more autonomy and abolished the chancellor job and the entire department.
He had just returned a few weeks earlier from his fifth tour of duty. He'd done three stints in Afghanistan, two in Iraq.
Mergenthaler is a veteran of many Scotch broom-pull parties and acknowledges the irony in welcoming the discovery of a non-native insect.
This does not mean that all unlicensed midwives are unqualified, nor does it mean that a licensed midwife is more skilled than an unlicensed midwife. It is, however, one factor that should be considered when choosing a midwife.
He leaves after 39 years with no regrets.
Benefits tab: Issue 2 has drawn the attention and money of groups from outside Ohio as well.
"So many people identified with and related to 'Respect'," Franklin wrote in her autobiography, "Aretha: From These Roots."
"One might assume that, but that’s not the intent," Simpson told reporters after the meeting.
Brouwer is a Leap day baby. And like a lot of people born Feb. 29, he relishes the uniqueness of his birthday. He even thinks there's an advantage to marking your real birthday just once every four years.
In May 2008, he was put on administrative leave for "not following orders" -- for not moving the departing Chicago plane to the front of the line. He didn't return to the control tower until three months ago.
Stay home. Stay and care of the garden. Enjoy the blueberry bushes and the apricot trees, and mow the lawn. Keep it nice. Try to deflect, as much as possible, their 4-year-old daughter's questions about going to Disneyland.
Later in the lesson, students use personal ActivExpression clickers to answer multiple-choice questions as a group. Their answers are transmitted from the clickers to the teacher's computer, which displays results on the screen. This technology can help teachers assess students' comprehension.
for the quarter that ended Dec. 25. That compares to $18.980 million, or 42 cents per share, in the same quarter of 2010.
Time management tip: The top priority is sleep, so I always go to bed at 9 or 9:30 p.m. And I try to get my homework done in off periods, and that helps a lot.
All three cost a lot of money. "It's big, and it's expensive, no doubt about it," Behlmann said.
Here's how to avoid regretting your response.
He got tenure anyway.
"Four thumbs-up," Viviana said of the ferry ride, raising her thumbs as well as her big toes.
Gershel said that bank fraud laws are similar to mail fraud statutes.
Mike Lupica, New York Daily News: "Gary Carter helped make the Mets champions as much as Hernandez did. In a clubhouse full of bad boys and bad behavior and bad habits, he was such a good man. And as great as he was with the Montreal Expos, he will always be a Met out of October of 1986 . . . when there were two outs in the bottom of the 10th in Game 6 of the World Series, two outs and nobody on, when the team that had won 108 games in the regular season and then won that wonderful NLCS against the Astros was that close to going home, Kid was the first to absolutely refuse to make the last out of the World Series. He singled, Kevin Mitchell and Ray Knight singled. Finally Mookie, with that slow roller down the first base line, like the whole season rolled right through Bill Buckner's legs in that moment."
Meanwhile, the football team has gone to six bowl games in seven years and the women’s basketball team has competed in 2007 NCAA Final Four. And this year, eight wrestlers qualified for college championships.
Happy eating.
"The only reason my husband had to write the book is because Mr. Edwards did not come forward and tell the truth," she said.
Barcelona's all-time leading scorer made it 2-0 in the 64th when Cristian Gomez handled a ball he had tried to flip by the defender. Messi, who missed a critical penalty in Barcelona's elimination by Chelsea from the Champions League, stroked an unreachable strike off the inside of the post and into the back of the net.
øIt has been an eventful eight years in real life, too. Housewives premiered to 21.6 million viewers, a big audience for a premiere, and grew from there. It became TV's top new show, drawing a huge 30.6 million for the first season's finale. Housewives helped reverse the fortunes of slumping ABC, which also introduced Lost and Grey's Anatomy in that turn-around season. (Housewives, like most long-running shows, has seen viewer erosion and is averaging 10.4 million this season.)
"These are people who really believe in God and are expressing themselves, body and soul, though this music," McGlynn said in an interview from Los Angeles last week.
Acting general manager Chad Buchanan was noncommittal during exit interviews on whether or not the team planned on extending the qualifying offer to Hickson.
The new aircraft from Brazil's Embraer aerospace company has elegant details aimed at the high-net-worth business and leisure travelers that are Flight Options' clientele: Leather seats that use pressure-map technology to envelop you with class and style. Wi-Fi connections, an exclusive for the fractional jet industry. A drop-down LCD widescreen TV to allow movie viewing from anywhere in the cabin. Extra legroom.
That said, there’s value in the 50 states measuring graduation rates using a common formula — a move that had been recommended by the National Governors Association. Doing so will help Georgians more accurately assess how we’re doing in comparison to other states.
The same year that FBI agents seized O'Malley's computers as evidence in the obscenity investigation, other agents went public with their corruption investigation by raiding the homes and offices of Russo and Dimora.
If I were a player, it would drive me crazy. It would keep me up at night. But the professional mindset doesn't allow that. After any game, Shark forward Joe Pavelski can recite just about every shot he's taken and all the particulars, but he does so with an almost detached clinical detail. Same thing with teammate Patrick Marleau.
Pettit called the trial a "very, very historic and important case." He plans to call as many as a dozen witnesses to testify about the facts in his case, and as many as 30 character witnesses. Ehrlich, he said, most likely will be among them.
Just as people have grown understandably indisposed toward anything political, Clooney directed, produced, co-wrote and starred in the election drama "The Ides of March." Rather than play the candidate any number of people wish he were (Clooney says he's not interested in actually running for office), the actor's "Ides of March" presidential contender is about as honorable as John Edwards. And while starring in an Alexander Payne movie might initially appear risk-free, the film's cuckolded protagonist is not necessarily the type of character Clooney's peers would fight to play, and it proved to be a part Clooney said concerned him no end. "I was terrified from the moment it started," he says.
The biggest issue, not surprisingly, will be Afghanistan, where Obama has more than doubled the number of U.S. troops but also set a target date of July 2011 to begin a gradual drawdown. Republican hawks such as Sen. John McCain, of Arizona, praised the escalation but criticized the exit date; Democratic doves such as Sen. Russell D. Feingold, of Wisconsin, who lost his bid for re-election last week, weren't happy about the surge but took comfort in the calendar.
greatest number" of people.
Miami's lone touchdown was set up by an early blocked punt. Moore threw only his second interception in the past six games, lost a fumble and was sacked four times. He left the game midway through the second half after being hit from behind as he threw an incomplete pass.
Under those provisions, securities lawyers say, newsletter publishers must not make statements they know—or reasonably should know—are false or potentially misleading.
Fluffy (yes I'm a dude): Here's a stupid question, but how does a network like TNT make any money at all running re-runs of "Law & Order" 23 1/2 hours a day? I have 2 different TNT channels, and that is the only show that's ever on. It was a good show for a time, but come on.
Q: Hey, Tom: Do you think the Cleveland Cavaliers would be well served to shop Anderson Varejao this off-season?
A loss here would be as bad as the loss to Washington State in Spokane and could put the Beavers in the Pac-12 basement when they return to Gill Coliseum.
Fresh out of high school, she fell short of a professional position with the Pittsburgh Ballet. She opted to attend the dance program at Mercyhurst College in Erie, Pa.
Karr: No comment on that.
The Obama administration argues:
Travel forecasters expect crowded roadways over Thanksgiving, with more than 38.2 million Americans hopping in cars for trips of at least 50 miles, according to AAA. So drive carefully, folks, and let's all return home safe.
The agenda for Mondays council meeting includes a scheduled vote on a resolution regarding employment contract of City Administrator/Clerk. An additional vote would address duties of the City Administrator. No other details were included in the council documents.
"We have to look further for voters," Hollande said in a speech in a square in Quimper, in the western region of Brittany. "Women and men who don't know where to go ... go toward the extreme."
Instructions: Soak the mushrooms in the boiling water and allow to steep for 30 minutes. Remove mushrooms from the water and chop. Strain the mushroom water through cheesecloth or a coffee filter and reserve both.
This is light and zesty, and won't weigh you down for what comes next, whether it is the rest of dinner or romance. Meyer lemons are in season, and give a mild lemony flavor to the pasta; you may use other lemons, but it won't be as special.
It was a dinner of thanks for EMTs, police officers, emergency room workers, grief counselors.
GILBERTO VELAZQUEZ, 74, Clermont, died Sunday. Family Funeral Care, Hunter's Creek, Orlando.
9956 Sue Ct, $70,000
"Just do what got you here.''
"People feel bad for me, but they shouldn't," Brewster said after he wasn't one of the five centers drafted. "My whole life I've had a chip on my shoulder and my record speaks for itself. I find a way to make things work and I'd rather be in Jacksonville in Florida than be a second-round pick somewhere I wouldn't be happy. Time to get to work and help the Jags win more games."
205 Vistaoak Ct, $150,000
Having an accurate flow-rate estimate is key to determining how much in civil and criminal penalties BP and the other companies drilling the Macondo will face under the Clean Water Act.
If most of the Democrats remain bunched together, as early internal polls are showing, and "one of the two Republican candidates catches fire, he could be in there," said Paul Mitchell, a Democratic consultant who has analyzed the demography of California's congressional districts for its redistricting process.
Oakville (0-1) takes on Miller (2-1) at 5:30 p.m. Friday.
Mike McCall filled up the stat sheet, with 10 points, four rebounds (all in the first half) and five assists. (He lost a fifth rebound because of a foul on someone else.) He played all but 50 seconds of the first half and 17 minutes in the second half for 36 total, a career high. His previous high this season was 31 in overtime against Dayton.
"We have trod the face of the Moon, touched the nethermost pit of the sea, and can link minds instantaneously across vast distances. But for all that, it's not so much our technology, but what we believe that will determine our fate," Flannery proclaims in his "dual biography" of the planet and mankind. "Today, many think that our civilization is doomed to collapse," he writes. "Such fatalism is misplaced. It derives in large part from a misreading of Darwin, and a misunderstanding of our evolved selves. Either such ideas will survive or we will."
Freed emceed the Moondog Coronation Ball at the now-closed Cleveland Arena, 3717 Euclid Ave. The event is regarded as the first rock concert -- and Freed popularized the phrase "rock 'n' roll" while hosting a radio program on WJW in the 1950s.
Return the pan to the stovetop and bring the fat to 180° over a burner. Place the breast, skin side up, into the warmed fat. Rewarm the fat to 180°. Cover pan with foil, then place in oven. Cook until temperature of the breast reaches 145º when measured at the thickest part with a meat thermometer, about 1-1 1/2 hours. Remove from oven and leave breast in the fat for at least 20 minutes. The temperature will continue to rise as it rests. Remove meat from fat and rest an additional 5 minutes. Turn the oven up to 400°.
But none of those changes addressed what a panel of outside financial experts has styled "the elephant in the room" for California's proposed high-speed rail system – its extraordinarily low projected operating costs.
½ ounce Stoli Strasberi
2011: Former Cavaliers forward J.J. Hickson, 315 points.
By the end of it all, Rocky River’s Relay for Life often generates upwards of $80,000 each year.
Nutrition information per serving (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 170 calories; 40 calories from fat (25 percent of total calories); 5 g fat (1 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 0 mg cholesterol; 29 g carbohydrate; 4 g protein; 4 g fiber; 270 mg sodium.
"The hotel certainly is suffering now," said David Sangree, president of the Hotel & Leisure Advisors consulting firm in Lakewood. "But as the medical mart and convention center and casino open, it certainly is a great location. It has definite potential and would be a reasonable investment."
I could overhear our host explain to others how everything was behind and customers were pretty much screwed if they expected to have food at their table in a timely fashion.
Jackson countered that the teachers’ collective bargaining powers will not be weakened. The school district still has to negotiate with the Cleveland Teachers Union, as well as all other bargaining units that are part of the district. In fact, those discussions already are occurring, he noted.
Methyl iodide has been linked to fetal deformity, miscarriage, thyroid disease and cancer.
And they just keep doing it with remarkable efficiency and style. Los Angeles has four chances to clinch its first trip to the conference finals since 1993.
Position: Center
Per serving: 317 calories, 43 g protein, 17 g carbohydrate, 7 g fat (1 g saturated), 184 mg cholesterol, 748 mg sodium, 4 g fiber.
"Finding Kansas" includes an introduction from a mental health professional who specializes in autism, and a note from Likens' dad, Jim Likens. He writes of his pride in his son as a toddler and little boy showing such intelligence, then his shock and sorrow as mental health experts give him a bleak prognosis -- including one saying he'll likely become a serial killer.
About the only blemish to the night were two more errors by smooth-fielding shortstop Troy Tulowitzki, giving him six already this season. The Gold Glove winner had six all of last year.
includes zoned stretch fabric tailored for precise fit and movement, water-repelling fabric, Flywire technology around the neck line for a lightweight lockdown fit, and strategic ventilation over major heat zones. This jersey also incorporates highly flexible premium twill numbers for a comfortable every day wearable feel.
For a long time, lenders - banks, hard-money loan companies and individual investors - shared in the bounty.
"Anything we can use to benefit education of the children," said pre-K teacher Adrienne Brightwell.
The Medina YWCA closed its doors a year ago, but one of the brightest parts of its legacy lives on. The Medina County Leadership Ball will be held April 28 at Weymouth Country Club.
CleanSpa Pure Pedicure opened a nail care center:
Chaffin, owner of Players Sports Bar & Grill, decided to appeal to both smokers and nonsmokers by adding a smoking room. He walled in what had been his smoking section and prohibits anyone younger than 18 in that area.
Adding to the incentive for Mexicans to stay put are the heightened dangers along the border, beefed-up border enforcement and a sharp increase in deportations under the Obama administration. (A record high 400,000 people were deported last year alone.)
Several local groups, including Hearts of Hope, support a state testing law.
A new legal filing asks for permission to do genetic testing on two separate blood stains discovered on the 5-inch-long folding knife authorities contend Daniel Olaska wielded during the deadly Feb. 4 confrontation in a Naperville nightclub.
"As you frequently ask the president to visit the southern border to discuss border security, we expect that you will be eager to engage in a productive dialogue with the Congressional Committee responsible for acting upon any border security recommendations you provide," Schumer wrote.
Reminders of the financial crisis -- little slips of paper called 1099-Cs, the Cancellation of Debt -- have been hitting mailboxes in time to create a few more headaches during tax season.
A danger to even more installations is a court challenge to Proposition C, which Missouri voters approved in 2008. Proposition C calls for a $2 per watt rebate on purchase of a full solar photovoltaic system.
"That story is far from over. Whether that actually happens really hinges on the outcome of negotiations between the school district and the Cleveland Teachers Union," she said. "We feel that there's an opportunity to reverse that decision and that it would absolutely make the best sense in the world for the district and the union to come together, work together and reach a different conclusion."
"Normally, we do the Windy City Tournament in Chicago, but they're not having the tournament this year, so our first experience playing anybody from Illinois will be in the state finals. That's kind of rough, but we don't normally get to scout many of our opponents anyway because so many of us play on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
Though riesling is a white grape, it produces one of the darker-colored oils that WholeVine produces. Seeds from the typically robust zinfandel grape make one of the lighter-colored oils in WholeVine's spectrum, yet with a rich mouth feel and slightly portlike taste.
It was the fire department!
Williams is pleased that his surprise managerial hire - the previously inexperienced Ventura - is working out.
"I was really bored and I didn't know what to do," Howard recalls. "There were some kids around who were way younger than me, so I couldn't hang out with them. So I found this guitar in the closet" - it had belonged to her older sister, who died of a brain tumor when Howard was 9 - "and it was like, I guess I'm going to learn how to play guitar, because I don't have anything better to do."
Only one problem: That's the name of Sessions' dog, a 6-month-old Staffordshire terrier.
“You are the worst kind of person who committed the worst crime,” Melanie said. “You’ve given adoption a bad name.”
Supporters said the measures would provide relief to taxpayers while opponents said passing new laws on the contentious issue would damage the state's still-ailing economy.
Stroll through the Springfield Creamery today -- the company kept the name but moved into a larger facility in Eugene in 1987 -- and many of the 55 or so employees are Kesey children, grandchildren, nieces, nephews, cousins or spouses. Seven have worked there 30 years or longer, and Nancy Hamren still manages the office more than 40 years after taking the creamery job.
"But the university, this institution is greater than one person."
"We work together — that's the way we operate," Koczaja said.
The 60-year-old Keenan said that she will spend the next eight months helping abortion rights candidates win elections.
Since then, little has gone right. He failed to earn a return trip to the Olympics in 2008, then developed an Achilles tendon injury that finally was diagnosed and surgically repaired early in 2010. Following that, he suffered a stress fracture in his foot and a stress reaction in his tibia, and twice moved his training base.
Wasson 40, Sierra 39
Hurwitz's endorsers include well-known judges such as Francisco Briseño, James Rogan, William Froeberg and Nancy Wieben Stock; Democratic and Republican politician-lawyers such as Dick Ackerman and Joe Dunn; and attorneys with such diverse practices as Wylie Aitken (personal injury) and Carl Holmes (criminal defense).
The Warriors (9-16) opened the season 7-4 but have struggled mightily through key injuries. Their big free agent acquisition, power forward David Lee, missed eight games in November with a severe elbow infection and is averaging 14.8 points after averaging 20.2 and making the All-Star Games with the Knicks last season. Lee, who has never shot below 54.9 percent in his first five NBA seasons, is at 44.6 percent this season.
Even as Intel cleaned up one of its own damaged offices in Japan, though, the world's largest chipmaker said it expects a minor impact on its own business.
Google has about 150 employees at its campus in The Dalles, including contractors. Read more about its operations in last weekend's series on Oregon's emerging cluster of data centers.
Let's see ... half? I'd guess? I write a lot, so I end up leaving quite a bit of what I write alone.
"When I first got here, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know how fast I was going to run and, to be honest, I wasn't expecting to be running in all the big meets. My goal was to make the traveling team to go to the big meets."
"The business program there is really good and will put me in a great position for graduate school," she says.
Keeping up with age-appropriate lessons, Connell said the council gives all campers, volunteers, staff and summer staff a short course on anti-bullying as well. They also offer advocacy programs about healthy media images.
“I literally threw one pitch that I regretted, and it got hit out of the park,” Dickey said. “One more little wiggle to the knuckleball there, he pops that up or hits it off the end.”
"For me, it's like going full circle," Greenwood said. Her grandmother was the sole librarian for a small two-room library in a little town in rural Kansas. On weekends, Greenwood as a girl used to volunteer to help.
One neighbor said the Sosnowkis' project sounds like a fun idea until it's next to your front yard. He said that the spectacle has been too loud and that the intrusion continues late into the night.
Several of the top women executives listed by The Wall Street Journal have already been wooed for CEO jobs, said Clarke Murphy, CEO of recruiters Russell Reynolds Associates Inc. An earlier version of this article incorrectly rendered Mr. Murphy's comment in the present tense, misquoting him to say several of the executives are being wooed.
"It is clear and we will not deny that the plan has not been succeeding thus far," Carney said.
Along with classes in voice, dance, and acting, there are fun theme related activities each week. The themes for this year include TV, movies, theater, and circus. Elective classes may include Minute to Win It, Dance Jeopardy, Singing Bee, American Idol, and Famous Character Talk Show. Wacky Wednesday events include Come as your Favorite TV Character, Who Dunnit Day, Be a Clown, and Super Hero Day. Fabulous Friday workshops may include puppetry, special effects, mime, clowning, and magic.
The move is estimated to save the city $20,400 annually, according to a staff report. For a five-hour meeting, those savings include $3.45 for utilities, $48 for the council's dinner, snacks and drinks and $900 for the city attorney's participation, City Manager Angie Avery reported.
Wine-braised beef ($20) brought back memories of a homey dish I had at an after-harvest meal at a family wheat farm in Kansas. Cav's version is more refined because of the wine, which produces a falling-off-the-bone tenderness, and bold gravy lightened with citrus, surrounded by horseradish mashed potatoes.
He pointed to the recent data showing more people were finding jobs.
However, Barrett Stanca said the value of any damaged "GWTW" artifacts -- even with restoration work -- is likely to be irrevocably affected.
Nobody's more creative than Cheryl Porro, a 34-year-old San Francisco chemical engineer who, one year ago, started a blog called Cupcake Bakeshop by Chockylit. A self-proclaimed baker, she started churning out treats for her family at the age of 8.
Freese is the county's first full-time neurosurgeon since Brandywine Hospital shuttered its trauma center in 2002, largely because of high malpractice costs.
Gen. Mariano Vallejo suggested his name - shortened to "Marin" - when the county north of San Francisco was formed in 1850.
"It was a once-in-a-lifetime event. I knew I'd never shoot her again."
Hallead said the proposals were contingent upon the withdrawal of the layoff-and recall provision. In the current state budget environment, she said, that was "not an option for the district."
Several Democratic (none from North Hudson) politicos in Hudson County tell me the tea leaves are not favoring HCDeadO chairman Smith's return to party leadership. His endorsement of Gill is the main reason.
Recent surveys, including one from WSL Strategic Retail, show that Wal-Mart that shoppers no longer believe that it's the low-price leader. Holley acknowledged that over the past three years the company had allowed the gap between its prices and those of competitors to slip. He said the company now is working with suppliers in lowering costs. "We are very focused on widening the gap," he said.
The teams are planning fundraisers to help pay for the trips. Destination Imagination is an extracurricular activity in which students team up to try to solve challenges and present their solutions at tournaments.
The cause of the crash remains unknown, though police do not think alcohol or drugs played a role. The driver of the BMW is cooperating with investigators and was released after questioning.
"I didn't want to do it anymore, but I had a good reputation, and so did the gallery, and my idea was to preserve that good will and give it to someone I thought would do a good job."
"Are you enjoying beating us old folks?" 70-year-old Louis Eames asked above the din.
1½ pounds lean flank, sirloin or preferred beef, cut into 3-inch strips about ½-inch thick
"We had the budgetary issues that you would expect making such a move, but a big thing for us was simply that we needed to significantly upgrade our talent level in order to compete in Conference USA,'' Speraw said. "We were moving from the 29th-best conference in the country to the 10th.''
Toub has mixed emotions about Graham's strong play.
“She was like my older sister,” said Scheff’s older daughter, who is 12. “I trusted her so much.”
Texas Gov. Rick Perry makes nearly $225,000 a year, but a good chunk of it comes not from his state salary, but from his retirement benefits.
"She writes five columns a week, and they are all this sort of this very direct, no-nonsense approach to what's going on," said Mike Jacobs, publisher of the newspaper. "She has her detractors, but she's very popular. She's a real asset to the Herald."
The Cardinals could make their radio fans happier next season, but in turn upset their TV audience.
In medium saute pan or skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Cook chicken 4 to 5 minutes until brown. Using slotted spoon, remove chicken from pan and set aside.
Dozens of candidates have filed for state office in advance of the May 15 filing deadline.
Vangundy is running for re-election this year and is unopposed in next week's Republican primary. She would not be eligible to serve in the office if convicted of the official misconduct charge, which is a felony. Under Indiana code, elected officials convicted of felonies are to be removed from office.
The bronze statue, created by artist Herb Mignery, honors Arizona's Hashknife Pony Express, the nation's longest-running, officially sanctioned U.S. Mail pony express. It depicts two Pony Express riders, one from the past, the other from the present. It is on Marshall Way, south of Camelback Road and west of Scottsdale Road. The sculpture was the winner of a competition sponsored by the Scottsdale Public Art Program. The bronze statue is 20 feet long and more than 9 feet high -- 25 percent larger than life-size. It was dedicated in 2008 for the riders' 50th anniversary. The Hashknife ride into Scottsdale kicks off the annual Parada del Sol celebration.
"What if I hurt his feelings?"
In multiple deployments of the same units. A record suicide rate. A generation of veterans coping with post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury , two signature wounds of the war.
I'm not concerned that this indulgent anger will produce thousands of Joe Stacks; he was an extreme case. My real worry is that the garden-variety version of this anger will be so virulent and inescapable that it will so alienate other, cooler citizens that they will give up on politics altogether.
The spray foam has been used on new sections built after the completion of the contemporary galleries and conservation labs, because the museum had by then realized that the fiberglass insulation was causing problems, staff members said.
"The week after I spoke to the Giants, I gave my students the same speech about being all in and how we made powerful decisions every day," Gonzalez said, who teaches a seminar class for freshmen.
Fire it Up, by Andrew Schloss and David Joachim (Chronicle Books; 416 pages; $24.95). An all-encompassing tome from grill experts Schloss and Joachim, including charts, substitutions and tips. With more than 400 recipes for "grilling everything," you'll find, well, everything - from hot smoked salmon to Guinness-brined lamb steaks.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- No matter how many months it takes to plan a major hotel or apartment building, once construction begins things tend to change. Too often Marous Brothers construction manager Lee Tucker found himself wasting time on an avalanche of paper needed to keep a project going.
"It was really exciting watching it ," said Daisy Lee, 14, of Paterson, who came with her family to celebrate Father's Day with her dad Leo, a big fan of the sport who dreamed of being a pilot himself.
SHOPLIFTING, NORTH COURT: An Akron woman was arrested April 17 for shoplifting items from three different North Court Street stores. Police arrested the woman at Kmart for allegedly stealing shoes and bras, worth $36.97, from the store. She admitted to the theft and said she had a ride to the store. Her ride returned, and officers found stolen items from Marshalls and Old Navy in the vehicle as well. The woman was charged with theft and possession of criminal tools. The driver of the vehicle has not been charged.
Among them are "Go for the jugular" and "Not losing is more important than winning."
So excited was The Plain Dealer by news of Atlanta's fall that five of the six headlines on the report ended in exclamation points. Only "State of Georgia Now Under Our Control" ended in a mere period.
Courtney Powell led Westminster with 21 points, and Stipanovich finished with 11. Westminster shot 32.1 percent from the field.
So for every $1 in wages, the government entity sends between 14 cents and 26.5 cents to the retirement systems to cover pension costs. From that contribution, the five systems set aside between a penny and 6.75 cents for health care.
"We set Jon and Linda up on a blind date during our 2011 Virgin Reading Series," Greco says. "The two of them collaborated as if they'd known each other their whole lives. Not only did they share a specific vocabulary and aesthetic, but a large sense of humor and grace as well."
Would Jets owner Woody Johnson have fired then-head coach Eric Mangini had the Jets made the playoffs that year? Highly unlikely. And if Mangini stayed, then a certain defensive coordinator in Baltimore with the famous bloodlines wouldn’t have gotten his big break.
SANFORD, Fla. — In a tense meeting Wednesday that highlighted growing tensions over the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager, city commissioners here passed a vote of no confidence in the police chief, as protests spread north to New York City, where the slain youth's parents joined a march demanding the killer's arrest.
Before Thursday, Bush had made public comments praising Romney while withholding an endorsement.
"Then we hit Mario Manningham on the go route," Manning said.
But those flames were fanned by a surprising group - other NFL players.
While it's true that the T-shirt has given the aloha shirt a run for its money every day of the week, visitors to Hawaii might not be as aware of the change in local custom, thanks to the alohawear uniforms favored by hotels, restaurants, bands and even the bus company. But it's enough of a concern that Honolulu designer Amos Kotomori and Hawaii fashion blogger Paula Rath independently came up with two different Wear Aloha campaigns, which also promote donning any island designer's clothing, jewelry or accessories.
The bill, which proposes to charge a Class 4 felony to child sex offenders participating in any holiday events involving children, passed the House unanimously today, and will be sent to the governor's desk.
Intermission:
Counties, which administer a wide range of social services from care for the mentally ill to the homeless to neglected and abused children, would have to do so with 20 percent, or $168 million, less.
Q: Right now, the CEO of the school district has limited authority to improve poor-performing schools. The plan would allow the CEO to take corrective action, such as suspending teaching contracts and adjusting the school year or day to improve low-performing schools. Do you approve or disapprove of this change?
Its purpose is to determine how much electricity will be needed three years in the future, June 1, 2015, and then determine through bidding how much it would cost to build additional power plants or additional transmission lines to import power into Ohio, if it is needed.
"Ad-Rock" Horowitz in 1979. The band started off as a hardcore punk group, but soon began experimenting with hip-hop. The band broke big with their first proper album, Licensed to Ill, in 1986, and further albums Paul's Boutique, Check Your Head and Ill Communication cemented the band as a true superstar act."
A September 2011 Cochrane Review of 14 studies found "weak" evidence that probiotics could help prevent the common cold and other upper respiratory infections in infants, children and younger adults. And an April 2011 study in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition found a Lactobacillus probiotic seemed to improve the immune system's response following a flu vaccination.
Dunstan said it would take an award of at least $1 million to offset attorney's fees and lost interest income that will result from Prenzler's actions.
Ed Brubaker, whose recent runs writing Captain America for Marvel have been heaped with critical acclaim, called Simon a "pioneer in comics, a mover-and-shaker and probably far ahead of his time."
A forecast of gridlock, followed by a Donald Sterling speech, should really draw a crowd...
Both have their moments, though not enough to keep the audience, or the couple, engaged for anything close to five years, which this two-hour film can sometimes feel like. There are so many detours taken by director Nicholas Stoller and co-writer Segel in trying to twist the typical rom-com tropes, they derail the movie as often as the wedding plans, shortchanging the smart, special comedy "Engagement" had the potential to be.
When Blink-182 asks "What's My Age Again?" it's a fair question. Even though the band members are well into their 30s and have reunited after a five-year hiatus, the pop-punk trio -- guitarist/vocalist Tom DeLonge, bassist/vocalist Mark Hoppus and drummer Travis Barker -- are today as attitudinally adolescent as ever.
But, quietly, Batum stewed. He had developed into a starter during training camp his rookie season and he viewed the move as a demotion.
The insurance from Christian Brothers would not cover it. Such therapy was not medically necessary, she was told.
On the global political stage, I'm thankful that Osama bin Laden finally got some payback, and that Iran and North Korea haven't done anything totally crazy with nuclear power yet.
One man was killed and three others were injured in that crash when the 42-year-old footbridge collapsed onto the Beltway. Officials said that truck's load was nearly 3 feet too tall to pass under the bridge.
The Cavs are 11-17 heading into Sunday's matchup, while the Kings are 10-20. While Casspi is averaging a career-low 7.8 points, he's working hard to contribute in other ways.
5. Mix and match. It's not just OK to mix old with new; it's a new decor must. Caprara's living room combines modern-print sofas from West Elm with her refurbished thrift-store finds. The combination is warm, contemporary and one-of-a-kind.
A man has reservations about his girlfriend in Neil LaBute's acidic "reasons to be pretty" (NonProphet Theater Company). There are more questions about love in ABBA's "Mamma Mia!" (Fox Theatre.)
"We're managing these fish for the harvest by sea lions," says Jack Glass, a fishing guide from Troutdale who advised on Oregon's sturgeon plan.
Officials with the city’s library system and the New Jersey Library Association who attended last night’s meeting said that officially sanctioned libraries are much more than just buildings with books.
But voters were turning down school taxes in North Olmsted and Parma.
Doubles championship: Joshua Papes and Carlton Poindexter, McCluer North, def. Luke Seppelt and Kenneth Sanders, Hazelwood Central, 6-1, 6-1.
The book’s title refers to Wendy’s power to send spirits to the afterlife. But when her mother ends up unconscious in the hospital, Wendy goes searching for her mother’s soul, which is nowhere to be found.
Cavaliers 91, Dallas 88: -- On Feb. 4, Cavs trailed by as many as 15 before rallying furiously. Irving notched his second game-winning basket in a week and Anderson Varejao contributed 17 points and 17 rebounds.
And then they came home, to the Meadowlands.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Ohio State University football program has offered to vacate all 12 of its wins during the 2010 season and what now stands as its sixth straight Big Ten championship, in response to the memorabilia for tattoos/cash scandal and ex-coach Jim Tressel's ensuing coverup.
AirTran Holdings Inc., made a hostile takeover bid of $78 million for Midwest in June 2005. AirTran raised its offer several times, and by August 2007 it had an estimated $445 million on the table. Each offer was rejected.
Chicago seemed to weather the loss of Rose relatively well while building a 55-47 advantage at halftime. However, the Bulls barely saw what sped past them in the third quarter. Philadelphia cranked up its fast-break game to outscore the Chicago 36-14.
Last year, Petro's predecessor, Eric Fingerhut, shot down the project, arguing KSU didn't need the fee increase, and out of worries it would entice other public universities to dance around the state's 3.5 percent tuition cap.
Gartland was indicted last year with former Toms River school superintendent Michael Ritacco for allegedly concealing more than $1 million in bribes between 2002 and 2010 in an insurance kickback scheme. He is currently free on $1 million bail.
And, at Dominican, I'm sure he signed a code of conduct that allowed him to be aware of its meaning even before he became a basketball star at SLU, where the preamble of the Code of Student Conduct claims its purpose is "to create an educational climate of excellence that is rooted in the Jesuit, Catholic tradition."
Well, I'm now happy to report (so people can stop asking me) that the store is scheduled to open in April. It will hold a grand opening on April 21 and 22, but there will be a "soft" opening a couple days earlier, according to a mall spokeswoman.
Stamler, 52, came to University Hospitals and Case Western Reserve from Duke University in 2010 to serve as the director of the Institute for Transformative Molecular Medicine, an institute that brings together research conducted at Case with that conducted in the UH system. On Tuesday night he was called the visionary behind the project.
And the rally was just one of two that drew huge crowds to the state Capitol.
"The drama of a doubling interest rate catches your attention. It's a good way of beating the drum of college affordability," said Mark Kantrowitz, publisher of FinAid.org, which tracks the financial aid industry.
Chase bought the $1 Quick Pik ticket at Mobil on the Run, 9950 Big Bend Boulevard, in Crestwood. The gas station received $24,000, equal to 1 percent of the jackpot, for selling the winning ticket.
Democratic members of the House picked Nicholas J. Celebrezze to represent the 15th House District upon DeGeeter's departure.
Sprint, based in Overland Park, Kansas, rose 4 percent to $2.61 yesterday, and AT&T added 0.9 percent to $30.89. Verizon Communications Inc., which owns Verizon Wireless with Vodafone Group Plc, advanced 0.8 percent to $37.74. T-Mobile is a unit of Deutsche Telekom AG.
"The cops were on a loud speaker, saying 'Come out with your hands up!' Clopton said, who kept peeking out her window.
Ah, Week 5: The season’s halfway mark, when the contenders separate themselves from the pretenders, or so that clever rhyme goes.
"It has all but scared off developers," Wilson said. "They're just amazed at the political resistance in Missouri."
DeCroce was born in Morristown in 1936 and graduated from Boonton High School before attending Seton Hall. DeCroce was selected to fill a vacancy and sworn in to his Assembly seat 1989. He was elected to his first full term in November of that year and was the state's longest serving member of the Assembly.
It happened without warning: a thud, then blood.
"The ball came right to me," he said. "I was like, 'Why is the ball coming to me?' But it was fun. It's definitely going to be interesting.''
"While we make it fun, it isn't a come-and-goof-off camp. If Mom just is looking for someplace to put their kid for a bit, it's not for them. It's a working environment."
Her actions were directed by Marc Davis, one of Walt Disney's "nine old men" and Clyde Geronimi, one of the film's directors. The film's animators were not on the set while she was shooting her reference shots.
"It tops everything off," Wright said.
Redesigning the website has cost $58,172, according to the treasurer’s office. A spokesman for Mandel pointed out that his predecessor, Democrat Kevin Boyce, spent $65,667 overhauling the site when he was in office.
A preliminary deal to lease Monmouth for five years was reached with developer Morris Bailey in June, but the arrangement collapsed earlier this month, prompting Christie to set the Monday night deadline.
Meanwhile, KSCO, a talk station out of Santa Cruz (at 1080 AM), welcomed all the KGO hosts to go on its air; several made appearances and Wattenburg did a week of morning drive. "The owner's asked me to do a regular show," he told me, adding that he'd heard from 16 stations "hungry to have the kind of nighttime talk radio that I did. ... I'll probably end up doing a syndicated show on weekends." Taliaferro said he'd been contacted by three stations, adding, "I'm weighing my options." Gross did some fill-in work for syndicated talk host Michael Smirconish late last month.
The previous owners, Maddocks said, saw the Chuck Taylor canvas basketball shoe as "an albatross holding them back on the basketball court."
By midday Monday the graffiti was removed but the incident is still being investigated.
There’s a gift shop where you can buy some of the family’s favorite chocolates (and, eventually, their own), as well as their prize-winning honey and vanilla pods and cacao nibs.
“I waited for a store here (Windsor Green) to become available because there’s a Whole Foods supermarket in the shopping center, and the Whole Foods customer is our kind of customer,” said Parente of his latest suburban, affluent location.
Mark Leno reminds me of a left-wing Don McLeroy. The name may be only vaguely familiar to Californians now, but a year ago McLeroy made national news as the "revisionist" conservative chairman of the Texas State Board of Education.
Natalie Absolutely. It was finally a call from the coach saying 'oh, is this the girl from Wyoming?' when I realized it was a problem.
Newark airport records date back to 1931.
The project -- which will dismantle and remove the rotting wooden slips, pylons and moorings surrounding the Boat Club and should be completed by June 1 -- is being financed by the Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix Association, with support of the Belle Isle Conservancy and Detroit City Council.
For two years, Clemons operated Big Man’s West, a rock venue in Red Bank that became something of a clubhouse for the E Street team and affiliated acts. Springsteen himself appeared at Big Man’s close to 20 times. Although the club closed its doors for good in 1983 for financial reasons, its existence helped revive the Shore sound. Many of the musicians who’d rock the Garden State (and beyond) during the late ’80s took the stage at Big Man’s, including Jon Bon Jovi and John Eddie.
"Of course, all of that is contingent on them getting a team,'" Perry said.
By The Numbers:
I'm a little disappointed. Like most Cardinal fans, I would've loved to see Albert finish his career as a Cardinal. But how can anybody criticize a player for doing what's best for him and his family? In the long run, this is probably better for all concerned; like most, I was really worried about how much a huge 10-year contract was going to hamstring the organization going forward. Should make for a real interesting 2012.
“Minnesota’s laws should not target or restrict the constitutional rights of women,” the governor wrote.
A short time later, a tenant at the apartment alerted building security about the injured child, McClendon said. The uncle also reported him missing.
Share Our Strength grants funds directly back to local communities and also rewards states with official strategies to provide children with nutritious food. She said the goal is for every state to have a plan by 2015.
Experts call what he went through "caregiver grief," the emotional toll exacted by the ongoing series of small and large losses that family caregivers experience during a loved one's illness.
"Easy, you're all right," Bentley said to Hank as the horse nudged his snout into Bentley's neck. "He's happy to be home."
øAs you can see, you and your idea, ambitious as it may be, must be in full collaboration with your father before you can concern yourself with whether or not opportunity knocks for a small company that's been around for a while.
We abolish the AMT (Alternative Minimum Tax). I abolish the death tax.
Kind of a slow week for wide releases at the theaters this week, except for the whole "Twilight" thing, of course. The first half of the vampire saga's final chapter hits screens this week, along with the adorable penguin of "Happy Feet Two," that being the only major release going up against the "Twilight" money-machine. Plus, "Inkubus," "The Women on the 6th Floor" and "Everyday Sunshine: The Story of Fishbone" are in limited release.
Anyone with a map can tell you that the geography of Scioto County plays a role in the problem. The town sits at the junction of three states -- Ohio, Kentucky and West Virginia -- and has a major north-south artery, U.S. 23, that runs through on its path from Michigan to Florida.
“There’s countless other examples of cities that have not performed well in poor quality ballparks,” Paulson said. “That’s when they’ve built new ballparks, they’ve been magnificent.”
Terms of the most recent settlement call for Arch to pay $1.8 million to the West Virginia College of Law's Land Use and Sustainable Development Clinic and as well as a $200,000 fine to the federal government. The company will also pay the plaintiffs' legal expenses.
It's not uncommon for patients, survivors and their families to testify before a committee or hearing in Washington. It has become almost a prerequisite for the continued fight for research, funding and awareness as competition among countless diseases and conditions for attention is high.
3. Memo to Major League Baseball: You’ve got to do something about how you calculate blown saves. It’s a crime that Dolis got charged with a blown save on Thursday when he entered with a one-run lead, bases loaded and no outs, and then got a double-play grounder that allowed the tying run to score. There’s no way that should be held against him, not Marmol, who officially remained only 2-for-4 in save situations. The guy that creates the meltdown should bear the statistical blame. Why not do it this way? If a reliever enters in a save situation and leaves with runners on second or third base, who eventually score to tie the game, the pitcher who put them on base is charged with a blown save. Something’s got to change.
On Friday, hundreds of government employees were either dispatched to the area or standing at the ready. Firefighters, law enforcement officers, emergency responders -- even homicide detectives and animal control workers -- had been prepared for a comprehensive rescue-and-response plan that many hoped would never be needed.
In morning trading, shares of Charles Schwab Corp., based in San Francisco, added 20 cents, or 1 percent, to $19.26.
The proposed terminal was designed to offload tankers full of super-chilled natural gas imported from Australia, Russia or the Middle East, regasify the liquid and ship it primarily to consumers in California over a pipe connected to the interstate distribution network. FERC okayed the project, deciding the public interest in such a project outweighed any environmental impacts.
Carter said HB 275 would:
If that compromise is unsatisfactory, then I'd at least appreciate not being accused of ulterior political motives when I and others like me simply react to the gay community's lawsuits that threaten our vision of the key institution in a healthy society.
DEFENSE: The Huskies have allowed an average of 41.2 points in their first eight games, holding opponents to 123 field goals and a 28.1 shooting percentage. Seton Hall is averaging only 58.2 points and is shooting 38 percent.
"It made them super rich and moist, and it did lend that fruity and almost berry-like flavor of zinfandel," Morales said.
"She taught us all at PlayhouseSquare that it was our civic duty to provide arts programming to students of all ages," said the group's president, Art Falco.
Saturday:Trees available this year include Montmorency Cherry, Toka Plum, Robinson Crabapple, Artistocrat Pear, Norwegian Sunset Maple and Golden Delicious Apple, 9 a.m.-noon at Sloan's Lake and City Park. Trees are $45 for bare-root and $65 for balled-and-burlapped. Free street trees are still available to Denver residents. Those interested must complete an application. The sale is organized by The Park People. An extension sale for any leftover trees is 10 a.m.-noon Sunday at the City Park Greenhouse. Call 303-722-6262 or visit theparkpeople.org for details.
After Brian McConnell finally finished redesigning his backyard in Twin Peaks, he didn't want the standard barbecue setup. "I wanted to have a grill that looked like part of the garden and that was not immediately recognizable as a grill," McConnell, an entrepreneur, said.
PUEBLO — A youth movement led by Niwot sophomore Harrison Lang prevailed in the finals of the Class 4A boys state tennis tournament Saturday at the City Park Tennis Complex.
Is everything too broad of an answer? You're almost doubling the amount of space for the same amount of people. You don't want to blast Candlestick for being an older building because there have been a lot of great moments there, but the new building is going to be a completely different experience. Instead of just making a nice hot dog, you can do 20 to 30 different items. It'll probably be a 50 percent quicker exit than what you see at Candlestick. You can't compete with that, being able to park easily and get to your car and out onto the freeway quicker or take public transit.
But local governments don't pick up the cost. That gives City Council members extra incentive to make sure their constituents know about the program.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Everlyne Lagat, 30, of Kenya was the women's winner in the 10K race this morning at the 34th annual Rite Aid Cleveland Marathon
Critics on the left contend that the rule as written is too vague and its effect on risk-taking will be limited. Banks have a history of working around rules and exploiting loopholes. In this case, banks can make most trades simply by arguing that the trade offsets another risk that the bank bet on.
I plan to come back and do tryouts for the CFL as well as the UFL but for now I just plan on taking it one step at a time and winning games here in France.
The report quoted the father as saying the baby struggled "five or six times to get free but he continued squeezing harder until he stopped breathing. He stated as he was squeezing he was continually thinking of things his wife has done to him in the past and was frustrated that Alex would not go to sleep."
"He tried to do all he could, but no one was spared by the economy," said Lauren Fasano, vice president of the condo association. "It’s amazing that he was able to sell the place, and we are grateful.The alternative would have been worse."
KEN DILANIAN, Tribune Washington Bureau
None of the Republicans have prior experience in public office.
"We all felt helpless. We wanted to do something. We were praying. We were asking God to help the searchers find her," he said.
Most schools, including eight of every 10 middle schools, are stuck in the broad middle range, turning in a "satisfactory" performance, the report cards say.
"National parks, national forests and the Smithsonian Institution would all be closed. The NIH Clinical Center will not take new patients, and no new clinical trials will start," he added in a roll call of expected agency closings.
More Orange County beach news:
By Matthew Schofield
"This was a brutal and unjustified act of rage," Vance said in a statement Tuesday.
Bus transportation for all but special education students was canceled, as were most after-school activities – from sports to tutoring to club meetings.
Earlier this week, Illinois reported its latest case of Salmonella Bareilly, which brought the number of cases in the state to 10, according to the state Department of Public Health.
More than two dozen organizations are expected to be represented at the fair. Confirmed participants include the World Aquarium, Challenger Learning Center-St. Louis, Jefferson National Expansion Memorial and the Gateway to Peace Museum, according to the news release.
Shamsid-Din Abdur-Raheem, 21, of Galloway Township, is charged with murder and kidnapping in the death of his daughter, Zara Malani-Lin Abdur-Raheem, and remains in custody at the Essex County Jail.
But a lot of research on the impact and effectiveness of incentives is still to be done, Baun says. "It's not that old as a research area, less than five years, and for many people it is still a hard concept to grasp," he says. "Employees taking care of their own health and well-being -- isn't that what the doctor is supposed to do?
Rep. Fortney "Pete" Stark, D-Calif., was next in line for the post and held it a day, until Democrats decided they didn't want one of their most confrontational members -- Stark once accused Republicans of wanting to send troops to Iraq "to get their heads blown off for the amusement of the president" -- in such a high-profile job when their party already is under assault from voters.
Nov. 11—Kobalt Tools 500, Avondale, Ariz.
The city is providing the plants, paint, mulch and materials. Most of the planting will replace dead or missing plants, city officials said.
Until now, the only other statistic regarding undocumented parents removed from the U.S. was from the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General. The Inspector General reported in 2009 that 100,000 parents of American children were removed from the United States between 1998 and 2007.
McIlroy won his first PGA Tour event at Quail Hollow in 2010 when he closed with a 62, the sign of big things to come. He shot 63 at St. Andrews that summer to tie the major championship record, then shattered the U.S. Open scoring record at Congressional last year to finish at 16-under 268.
"If this works, I think other states are going to be looking at this as a way to manage that patient population," said Kitzhaber, a Democrat and former emergency room physician who has worked for decades on reforming the health care system.
Residents with questions may contact a Community Information Line set up by the refinery at 856-224-6177.
Barbara Boyle, who was hired as chief financial officer last year, will get the biggest raise - to $155,000 from $137,500, according to salary information the science center gave the Post-Dispatch on Friday. Under the new structure, Boyle's duties will expand to include those of acting chief operating officer.
ø•You filed for bankruptcy. Debts discharged in bankruptcy aren't taxable, says Jennifer MacMillan, an enrolled agent in Santa Barbara, Calif.
